In an [interview](/f/a93540) with Insanity, Genesis discusses the founding of USA/Fairlight stating that it took just 12 hours from the initial idea to their first release which occurred on Thursday, 12th September 1991. The name **United Software Association**, he admits is a bit on then nose and rushed but they liked the catchy USA initialism.

The group management included The NotSoHumble Babe, Silencer and Genesis. Many of the initial members were formerly of [The Humble Guys](/g/the-humble-guys), including The Humble Babe. However, when [THG abruptly kicked out](/f/a93ed4) a dozen or so people for no specific reason, a number of those and other members decided to leave for USA. And as a protest, The Humble Babe became The NotSoHumble Babe for the remainder of her time in the scene.

The very first and second USA release was a beta of the adventure game, [Spellcasting 201](/f/ac27bd8) and the title's documentation. Their third release was a freeware preview of [Shadow Sorcerer](/f/ad2a0e8). These initial releases must have caused some bad feedback because in their following release, [Might and Magic 3](/f/b62d133), a major CRPG series of the time, they state, "For those of you who though we were capable of only betas and demos, this release should convince you we're not some lame wannabe group - we're here to stay."

Here to stay they did, at least for the following number of months. USA rapidly became one of the most prolific PC cracking groups quickly overtaking their [arch-rivals](/f/b24832) The Humble Guys for the duration of their brief existence. Yet this all came to a crashing halt at the end of January 1991 when The NotSoHumble Babe and The Grim Reaper (of [INC](/g/international-network-of-crackers)) were [arrested](/f/aa20a3a) for credit card fraud while meeting up in a Detroit car park. Back in 1991, software cracking and the sharing of commercial software wasn't criminal but using stolen or fake credit and telephone calling cards [definitely was](/f/a819b62) and usually involved The Secret Service or the FBI. These very public arrests [caused panic](/f/ab3a95) within the piracy scene in the United States and led to a number of people quitting and a week later the abrupt end to United Software Association.

The Fairlight connection of USA/Fairlight seems somewhat tenuous, as initially **Fairlight PC** had released [a single PC game](/f/b32488a) back in February of 1991. When they reemerged in September together as USA/Fairlight PC, the Fairlight side was to be the source of European published PC games. Yet it seems Fairlight PC had little impact, with only (Fairlight [co-founder](http://janeway.exotica.org.uk/target.php?idp=6375&idr=1940&tgt=1)) Strider generally being the sole member and the majority of releases of the cooperation being from the United States and not Europe.

Fairlight on the PC returned in March 1992 but without the “PC” suffix in its name. Much of the initial membership comprised of former members of USA, however with the new leadership comprising of Strider, Nemesis Enforcer and Riverndell sysop Trick Lord. Their [return release](/f/ac232a6) quietly mentions "please note that there is no more coop USA/FLT" and boldly claims they're the world's oldest group, though that is not true.