According to Fabulous Furlough's [retirement letter](/f/b144a1), The Humble Guys were founded on the 22 Jan 1990.

The Humble Guys had a bit of a reputation, partly because they were [outspoken](/f/a93245) plus were quite happy to give [interviews](https://wayback.defacto2.net/the-scene-news-from-1999-september-14/interview-002.html) or write down their thoughts. And if you believe what is sometimes said, there was virtually no Scene on the PC until they came around and revolutionised the community using their hard earned experience from the competitive Commodore online communities. Personally, I think this view is over sensationalised, and the Scene on the PC was fine before THG. Rather, people online using PCs in the 1980s, were possibly older, cared less about games than on the other microcomputers, so were more relaxed.

But in saying that, THG really ramp up the release schedule for games and made it a more aggressive and competitive community, for good or ill. 
Many would argue they were the major force throughout 1990 and much of 1991. But became a shell of themselves after a number of people left to form [United Software Association](/g/united-software-association*fairlight) (USA) in September and later after more people quit the scene due to the [late January 1992 public arrests](/f/ab232ca) of two notable Scene personalities.

We believe THG is the source of the **`.NFO`** file extension with the minimal textfile `KNIGHTS.NFO` found in the release of [Knights of Legend](/f/ab3945) from the 23rd of January 1990. Knights of Legend required [a fix](/f/b02d22e) due to [an installation quirk](/f/b228b1a) and maybe that is why it is forgotten. The following day, the release of [White Death](/f/aa24d74) would include a tiny `WHITEDET.NFO` textfile and so too `STUNT.NFO` for [Stunt Track Racer](/f/aa1e84e) on the 25th. By early February the `BUBBLE.NFO` textfile for [Bubble Bobble](/f/ab1eca6) had become bloated, with additional group greets, a big yahoo, multiple boards, a Nashville voicemail phone number and PO BOX.

A 1991 backup from the [HMS Bounty BBS](/g/hms-bounty-bbs) had the following listings, but note, these 1990 uploads were before the era of "0 day wares":

```
FAERY-1.ZIP  246086 09/18/89 Faery Tale Adventure.  1 of 3
```
**`KNIGHTS0.ZIP 289790 01/25/90 Knights of Legend - Fabulous Furlough's new group - The Humble Guys - 1 of 6`**
```
WHTEDTH1.ZIP 128461 01/25/90 White Death - The Humble Guys - 1 of 2
STUNT1.ZIP   268403 01/25/90 Stunt Track Racer - 1 of 2
KOLNSTAL.ZIP    458 01/27/90 Knights of Legend install info -needed
TRUMPS1.ZIP  163611 01/30/90 Trumps Castle - The Humble Guys - 1 of 2
DEJAEGA1.ZIP 173387 01/30/90 Deja Vu II - The Humble Guys - 1 of 2
AJAX1.ZIP    209468 02/01/90 Ajax from The Humble Guys | Uploaded by: Sysop
TERRNHG1.ZIP 166340 02/03/90 Terrain Editor for Sim City from The Humble Guys - 1 of 2 | Uploaded by: Sysop
BUBBLE1.ZIP  262079 02/08/90 Bubble Bobble - The Humble Guys - 1/2
BUBBLCHT.ZIP  42996 02/11/90 Bubble Bobble cheat | Uploaded by: Grebo Guru
CRMEWAV1.ZIP 618772 02/20/90 CRIME WAVE - The Humble Guys - 1 of 4 | cracked
                             2/20/90 by Fabulous Furlough. | Check here on
                             the Bounty for ALL cracks and | releases from
                             The Humble Guys
1989STAT.ZIP  82212 02/23/90 1989 Stats for Earl Weaver - The Humble Guys! | Uploaded by: Fabulous Furlough
```