Software Pirates from Texas is one of the oldest groups on the PC and one of the first enduring brands of the 1980s. By the end of the decade they were the longest running groups on the PC and one of the oldest in the world. Unusually, SPI kept themselves anonymous as there are rarely any BBS advertisements or credits. Only two people are ever mentioned in the collection of SPI artifacts, Softbeard (or Soft Beard) and Camel.

SPI can probably be credited with starting the trend of using a standardized textfiles[^1] in their releases. From the 2nd half of 1986, the SPI game cracks included both a quality assurance text [`SPIWORDS.DOC`](/f/ad2da4) and a "S O F T W A R E   P I R A T E S,  I N C. presents ABOUT" textfile with the game title, publisher, system requirements and occasionally notes about the crack.

The other oddity of SPI is the graffiti they hacked into their game releases which often included a "**Copyright (c) 1991** by Software Pirates, INC" message into the game or game’s title screen. The 1991 reference is lost to time, but it definitely isn’t a release year. As the hacked releases have file modification dates going back to 1985, and the release file archives themselves were obtained from a BBS backup compiled on January 1989.

SPI also created numerous custom utilities in addition to PC cracks and unprotect textfiles. Their most celebrated tool was [SnatchIT](/f/b42b50c), which when used with Central Point's [Copy II PC](https://winworldpc.com/product/copy-ii-pc/2xx), allowed self-booting PC games to be duplicated. Many PC pirate forums and BBSes of the 1980s were littered with [SEA compressed](https://www.pcjs.org/blog/2023/03/07/) `.ARC` archives containing `.CP2` floppy image files[^2].

The couple of boards that were mentioned in 1987 release screens were, [The Madd House](https://demozoo.org/bbs/5625/) (+713, Houston) and the [Pirate's Cove](https://demozoo.org/bbs/12535/) (+305, Miami).

Some examples of the graffiti SPI used in their releases:

- (C) Copyright invalid in 1984 Software Pirates Inc(SPI)
- Softwar Pirate (C)1991
- Pirated by Software Pirates INC.
- By Software Pirates Inc, SPI
- Modified by Software Pirates 86
- Software Pirates, INC. pirated 1991
- Pirated by Software Pirates Inc, 1991 - All Rights Dissolved
- Coopyright (C) 1991 by Software Pirates, INC.
- (C) 1991 Cracked by Software Pirates, INC

[^1]: For example, [`FLEETSWP.REQ`](/f/b31f36a), [`SOLOFLIT.REQ`](/f/ac19132), [`BIGTOP.REQ`](/f/b1276ba), [`SPACESTR.REQ`](/f/ad1b9c2), [`F-15.REQ`](/f/b229f4a), and more.
[^2]: CP2 was the file extension used by Copy II PC for its floppy disk images.