**BaD** or Bad Ass Dudes were a cracking group from 1990, and ran out of their Virginia base board The Alliance (+703) operated by Patch.

By September 1991, the group had the Toronto based [Pure Insanity](https://demozoo.org/bbs/7152/), [The Fiery Depths of Hell](https://demozoo.org/bbs/12116/) from New Jersey, and [The Light](https://demozoo.org/bbs/12117/) from California as the boards. And they [claimed](/f/a418628), "BaD is merging with [TWA](/g/the-warez-alliance) and IC to form a new group". And their crackers include Slash Gordon, and Spandex Phantom.

---

BaD were probably more known for their cracking Scene emag that ran for nine issues. Later issues often involved hit peaces against other groups, people and articles that some claimed were made up. Some of the phone interviews conducted by Bart Simpson were obnoxious and trolling.

In the [first issue](/f/a748f), known as **The B.A.D. Newsletter #1** from 15th June 1991 was a "HPAV" plus cracking/pirate magazine and offers the following articles: "Profile: Truk-king", Hacking WWIV, Phreaking Advice, Hacking McDonalds, Successful Carding, Grade-A Harassment, Basic BBS Rules, General BBS News, BaD Group News.

**Issues #2 - #6** are missing.

**[Issue #7](/f/a846b)** from 20 January 1992, is now named "**The Bad News**". 

- Expose! [FiRM](/g/the-firm) '92. + The New Members. + Interview with [Lord Mischief](/p/lord-mischief)
- [ShowDown BBS](https://demozoo.org/bbs/12713/) User List hacked + [Vision-X](https://demozoo.org/bbs/tagged/vision-x/) and [The Grim Reaper](/p/the-grim-reaper)
- A Report on the 718 Scene, Disabling Ansi Bombs, [ERKLe](/g/erkle) and bogus groups, Profile of [Blue Terror](/p/blue-terror), The Breakup of Pirate Groups, Recent Busts, An Open Letter to [Black Spyrit](/p/black-spyrit).

<br>
**[Issue #8](/f/a97c7)** is _NSFW_ and came out in June 1992. 

- Phreak + Future of phreaking and cellular-mobile phones
- The [FiRM](/g/the-firm) Story part II + FIRM captures
- Interviews with [Lord Mischief](/p/lord-mischief), [PieMan](/p/pieman), and "Subsonix's Dad"
- **USA Bust** + Commentary + Quitters: [Black Spyrit](/p/black-spyrit), [Blood Ghoul](/p/bloody-ghoul), [Sough After](/p/sought-after), [The Eel](/p/the-eel).

<br>
**[Issue #9](/f/af2d1aa)** is _NSFW_ and came out in December 1992.

- Phone interview with multiple [INC](/g/international-network-of-crackers) members in conference.
- Phone interviews with [The Grim Reaper](/p/the-grim-reaper), Heretic, [Hard Core](/p/hard-core), [Devious Doze](/p/devious-doze), [Darwin](/p/darwin), [Onyx](/p/onyx), [PieMan](/p/pieman), Radar, [Ranx](/p/ranx), [R Bubba Magillicutty](/p/r-bubba-magillicutty), Ramius, [Silencer](/p/silencer), [Software Surgeon](/p/software-surgeon).