**DeAD** as a group is difficult to pinpoint.

In January 1990, there were a few ANSI artworks tagged by **Eclipse/DeAD**, who used the filename prefix "EP-", and artworks by this artist also appeared in 1992. 
However, there is no mention of a person by the nickname Eclipse in any DeAD membership list. 
A 1990 [BBS advertisement](/f/b12c31a) for Vertigo Systems, based in Vermont, lists the board's affiliations as "Warez/DeAD Art."

It is possible that another art group used the exact branding, **"DeAD"**, either intentionally or by coincidence. 
[An advert](/f/b01ea32) for [The Last Dimension](/g/last-dimension-bbs), based in Minnesota, first mentions DeAD on February 23, 1992, and is a board run by Death Knight. 
[A second advert](/f/b2281a2) for the board, from a week later, mentions the name, **"Damn Excellent ANSi Designers"**, lists The Last Dimension as the group's World HQ, and the presidents as The Almighty Fatts and Death Knight.

A dated [group membership list](/f/ad1e18a) from April 22nd shows the group renamed to **"Damn excellent Arts Designers"**, with an additional president named Philosopher, ten artists, and six boards, one from New Jersey, one in Toronto, and the rest from California.

And finally, we see a [few membership lists](/f/b1212c2) dated from the end of June, which list both Strong Hold and HDI as members, who are two artists credited to several DeAD VGA artworks.

There are three surviving artpacks from DEAD, one from [July 1992](https://16colo.rs/pack/dead), and [two others](https://16colo.rs/group/dead) from mid-1993, when the group started using the `.DEA` file extension for their ANSI artworks.
