DREAD was a small cracking group formed in 1989 before merging with the Canadian [NASA](/g/north-american-society-of-anarchists) in late 1990. The merge didn't work out and the DREAD members went on to work on [Spectrum Magazine](/g/spectrum). A couple of years later in April 1993, some of the members returned to reform DREAD as a trainer and cracking group.

Their August 1990 release, [Safari Guns fix](/f/ad255ea) uses an unsual high-resolution EGA-mode graphics for the loader. And DREAD were one of the first groups outside of [The Humble Guys](/g/the-humble-guys) to adopt the NFO file extension with the `DREAD.NFO` textfile found in their releases.

In an interview in [Infinity Issue 5](/f/ac1aaa2), [Space Ace](/p/space-ace) spoke of the history of DREAD, "(DREAD) It was originally founded around 1989". "DREAD decided to merge with NASA after we'd been around for a while releasing the odd fix locally, getting ticked off with various ya-hoo's removing our credit before uploading the files. The NASA merge was a while later and quickly folded to lack of a supplier and general incompetence all around."

He goes on to talk about the magazine Spectrum, "Then... joined the Spectrum Magazine group when they decided to use my program. Things were cool. Then it was time to flip out and kick out the president of the group." "the program that ran the mag was called DMI (DREAD Menu Interface)."

And the reemergence of DREAD, "on April 28th 1993 DREAD started releasing trainers plus the odd crack." "(DREAD) Yes it is an acronym. Arc had a really cool idea that we should never publically tell anyone what it actually stands for."