**Paradox** is a storied, multi-platform cracking, demo and multifaceted group that was founded in Denmark in 1989 on the Commodore Amiga.

The first known PC release from Paradox was an [advert](/f/a81c3b6) for [Bio-Hazard (+613)](https://demozoo.org/bbs/1755/), a BBS in Ottawa from **June 1993** but this was an unrelated group from Canada?
 
This followed shortly by a number of Paradox cracktros for a few, lesser known PC games.

```
_\______
  \____ \___  _____  _________  ______  ___
   /  / / _ \| __  \/ _ \___  \/ . \_ \/ _/
 _/ ___/  .  \  /  /  .  \  \  \ |  \\/ /
 \  /  \__|__/__\  \__|__/_____/____// /\_
  \/=============\_/============-CaR!\/\_/==
       Time Runners 1 (c) Simulmondo   [1/2]
```
<small>[file_id.diz for Time Runners 1](/f/ad1c372)</small>

The March 1994 release for [Lamborghini](/f/a73082) has the group named as **PARADOX PC** and lists Belgian Amiga cracker [Phil Douglas](https://demozoo.org/sceners/20665/) in the credits and two boards, [Digital Diversion](https://demozoo.org/bbs/7526/) from Indiana and [Yee Side](https://demozoo.org/bbs/3330/) from Ontario. Other contacts mentioned are Maximilian[^1], and Wildcard. The release of [Armaeth](/f/ab1fc5a) ads Zool, Unknown Warrior, Slap Shot, Order, JFK, Jack, Hot Tuna, ED-209, Bruce Lee, Amphagory Shellbetton as members and [Digital Chaos](https://demozoo.org/bbs/5323/) as a board.

The June [release](/f/b52b3db) of Kick Off 3 saw [The Ghetto](https://demozoo.org/bbs/1150/) become the world headquarters for Paradox PC and Phil Douglas having been removed from the credits. Releases [continued](/f/b52d90f) until early March 1995.

The brand returned to the PC in late 1997 as an applications and utilities release group with former members of [Energy (NRG)](/g/energy). This [`paradox.nfo`](/f/b92dbfa) from 10th November writes, "PARADOX is back with a new/old team. Noone, except Apollo[^2], was in the old PDX-TEAM but noone is new in ware-scene ;\>. Zool and Apollo (one of the latest PDX leaders) agreed to re-open PARADOX." "After [ENERGY](/g/energy) died, some members decided to build up a new group. Its name is [ASSAULT](/g/assault). Therefore, the better?more friendlier? half of NRG also decided to found a group.. so here we are...to kick ASS ;\>" 

However, the brand would always be more famous on the consoles, both for cracking and demoscenes. It would be decades before the name returned to PC games with ISO releases.

[^1]: Maximilian is a typo, and is Maximilien from France.
[^2]: Apollo's from Germany first appeared in the December 1994 [release of Aladdin](/f/ac2fe7).