The Ware Report was a created by [The Byter](/p/the-byter), system operator for [The Lexicon](https://demozoo.org/bbs/6248/) (of the Cabal +714) and programmer of the popular [Celerity BBS](https://demozoo.org/bbs/tagged/celerity-bbs/) software.

The report collected statistics on the top game release groups and ranked them according to a score. Also included were a commentary for the month as well as rankings for game documentations, solves, cheats.

###### January 1991 

Found in [SCD #5](/f/a278f), the first release covers [INC](/g/international-network-of-crackers) (7)[^1], [THG](/g/the-humble-guys) (6), [PE](/g/public-enemy) (4), [NEUA](/g/national-elite-underground-alliance) (2), Club X (1), [Future](/g/future) (1).
In it Byte writes, "Due to the incessant squabbling over which group puts out more wares, or which group puts out better wares, I counted up the stuff which was uploaded... to my system."


###### February 1991 

Also found in [SCD #5](/f/a278f), THG (17), INC (15), PE (5)[^2], NEUA (3), [Mea Culpa](/g/mea-culpa) (1), [Fairlight](/f/b32488a) (1). The Byte notes there were twice as many releases and a new group, Mea Culpa, had joined the fray.

###### March 1991

Is the final report found in [SCD #5](/f/a278f). THG (14), INC (11), NEUA (6), [TRSI / TDT](/g/coop) (5). Of note were THG who had two releases of Battle Storm, [one](/f/b22fc12) cracked by Lord Blix and another by Jrok. The Byter comments on the split of TRSI / TDT from Public Enemy, and he celebrates the number of magazines covering the pirate Scene, noting [SCD](/g/software-chronicles-digest), [PreVues](/g/prevues), [Spectrum](/g/spectrum), Jolly Roger Magazine \(JRM\)[^3], ProFile \(PFM\)[^3], and [Galactic Review](/g/galactic-review).

###### April 1991 

Found in [SCD #6](/f/a376b), THG (15), INC (10), TRSI / TDT (3), NEUA (2). The Byter writes "A quick commentary on the current state of the pirate world - there is some real cheating going on with a couple of the top groups there. A few releases by minor groups (such as [TWA](/g/the-warez-alliance), [TWT](/g/the-wondertwins), TRSI/TDT) have been snapped up by some of the larger groups, RE-PACKAGED, and released under that group's banner. THIS AIN'T COOL".

###### May 1991 

Found in [SCD #8](/f/a56a3), THG (10), INC (7), TRSI / TDT (4), NEUA (4), PE (3), [Razor 1911](/g/razor-1911) (3), [NEC](/g/north-eastern-crackers) (2). The Byter mentions [CCC](/g/classic-cracking-corporation) merged into NEUA and writes,  "I encourage groups to use the .NFO file standardized by THG. If groups could make this file including the name of the game, cracker, company which released it, and a quick description of what the game is, it would make my job much easier".

###### June 1991 

Also found in [SCD #8](/f/a56a3), INC (16), THG (7), TRSI / TDT (7), PE (3), Int-13 (2), Razor 1911 (2). The Bytes notes of "the new foreign group, Razor 1911, is holding its own" and calls out NUEA, "I think it's time for NEUA to call it quits and start anew."

###### July 1991

Found in [SCD #9](/f/9d239), this report is a little broken due to missing releases, however, INC (10), THG (7), TRSI / TDT (5), [The Alternative](/g/the-alternative) (3), Razor 1911 (2), [Skillion](/g/skillion) (2). Also, The Byter removes pre-releases, game previews and betas from the totals.

###### August 1991

Found in [SCD #10](/f/9e595), INC (13), TRSI / TDT (11), THG (4), Razor 1911 (3), NEUA (1), TWA (1). The Byter comments on the bloated size of some new games, "The release of Wing Commander II has probably a greater impact on the pirate community... Weighing in at over 12MB, it shoved Kings Quest 5 out of first place for game size." "Conventional downloading of this game (ed: WC2) has tied up boards for LONG hours" "taking over two hours (ed: per-user)... under a good line" "obviously, such a transfer is unthinkable for 2400 users at almost 15 hours".

###### September 1991

Found in [SCD #11](/f/9f571), INC (11), Razor 1911 (11), TRSI / TDT (8), [USA/FLT](/g/united-software-association*fairlight) (6), THG (5), NEUA (3), PE (2), [DRG](/g/drunken-rom-group) (1), TDT [post split] (1). The Byte writes, "One of the biggest events this month has been the split in THG, so to speak. THG trimmed its fat by 'laying off' a number of its personnel, couriers, and distribution sites which it determined were not essential to its operation, and managed to alienate some of its producing members as well. Many of these folks formed a new group, USA, which joined with Fairlight's (an Amiga group) PC division. USA/FLT not only picked up some of THG's valuable members, including the core of the Humble-DOX division, but grabbed some valued members of the community as well, including the legendary R. Bubba Magillicutty (a veteran cracker of both INC and THG)."

###### October 1991

Found in [SCD #12](/f/a04ed), USA/FLT (12), INC (12), Razor 1911 (7), TRSI (6), TDT / [SR](/g/skid-row) (5), THG (5), NEUA (5), TRSI / TDT (5), [FIRM](/g/the-firm) (3), DRG (2). The Byter notes on the political drama of some groups, "TRSI, TDT, and Skid Row (another Amiga group entering the PC arena) all fared poorly, but this is in part attributable to their making and breaking of alliances and failing to provide unity for the month-long period. Had TRSI, TDT, and SR teamed up in October, they would have easily taken first place."

###### November 1991

Found in [SCD #14](/f/a2425), USA/FLT (28), TDT / SR (11), INC (13), TRSI (6), [\$yndicate](/g/the-syndicate) (3), [Xerox](/g/xerox) (2), [Machu Picchu](/g/machu-picchu-bbs) BBS (2), NEUA (2), [PWA](/g/pirates-with-attitudes) (2), THG (2), FIRM (2). The Byter comments, "USA-FLT storms the scene taking 38% of the releases (compared to second-place INC at 17%)".

###### December 1991

Also found in [SCD #14](/f/a2425), USA/FLT (21), INC (13), TDT / SR (10), THG (8), TRSI (5), Skillion (4), Xerox (2), Razor 1911 (2).

###### Final edition and summary of 1991

Listed as "The Last Ware Report" in [SCD #14](/f/a2425), The Byter comments, "Many wares have been released (619), and many groups have come and gone. At this point, I have decided to lay down the Ware Report". "unless someone else takes on the task, the Ware Report is at an end."

For 1991 his reports ranks:

1. International Network of Crackers (INC) - 24%
2. The Humble Guys (THG) - 18%
3. The Dream Team / Red Sector Inc. / Skid Row 14%
4. United Software Association / Fairlight (USA/FLT) - 8%
5. Razor 1911 and also NEUA - 5%
6. Public Enemy (PE) - 3%


[^1]: The (bracked number) is the number of releases for the month, not a score.
[^2]: Public Enemy were mentioned as Tristar / Red Sector / Dream Team.
[^3]: Unfortunately, these magazines are lost.