**APT** started out as a bi-monthly magazine and released in November 1991 from the remains of an old cracking group Fusion (FSN)[^1].
Its founders were editor and artist Speed Demon, programmer and editor Mirrorshades, and programmer Lord Logics.

##### [Issue 1](/f/a31a0):
- History of the 503 (Portland, Oregon) BBS scene. Mentioned are [Wastelands II](/g/wastelands-ii-bbs) and the death Win Place. Realm of Infinity, its cracking group Servants of the Mushroom Cloud, and how they merged with ROI to form SMC. The boards Digital Tension, Pestilence and Strife, Empire City, The Frozen Inferno, The Atomic Cafe, Wastelands III.
- Interview with The Ultimate Lamer.
- Magazine and Game Reviews.

##### [Issue 2](/f/a41ba):

News for November and December.

- [FCC](/g/federal-cracking-consortium) is formed.
- PHOENIX returns.
- Razor 1911 dies after merging into INC.
- iCE merges with The New Order to form iCE/TNO.
- Other iCE members join ACiD.
- Lancelot magazine dies.

##### [Issue 3](/f/a514c):

Issue 3 had a summary of who was at the top for 1991.

- Cracking: 1. USA/Fairlight, 2. INC, 3. TRSI / TDT
- Magazine: 1. Insanity, 2. The Humble Review, 3. Illuminatus and SCD
- ANSI group: 1. ACiD, 2. iCE/TNO, 3. EPiC + SDA
- VGA: ACiD
- Dox: USA-DoX
- Cheats: Rescue Raider
- Music: Digital Noise Alliance
- BBS software: 1. ViSiON-X, 2. Celerity, 3. LSD
- Best board: The PITS
- Artist: 1. JED, 2. Martial Law, 3. Black Spyrit
- VGA artist: Revelation
  
Other articles include:

- The Story of EPiC from the merger of FISH and MAFIA and then the formation of HATE.

---

[^1]: Fusion was such a common name in the 1990s for cracking groups that we are unsure which one is being referenced.