The earlier issues of this magazine were named **Galatic** and put out by "TriNet"[^1] from Toronto. Released weekly, they reviewed the gameplay of the latest games cracked on the PC.With the [first issue](/f/ab23d64) out in February 1991 and reviewing ten titles. The reviews included the game requirements, cracker, crack date, comments, and multiple scores for graphics, sound, gameplay and overall. Authors were Platinum, The Fox, and John Luigi.

[Issue 3](/f/ad28b04) from early March sees the inclusion of a Star Trek loader screen with a new nagazine name, **Galatic Review** and the subtitle, "The Next Generation of Newsletters". Also new is the "group review" of [The Wonder Twins](/g/the-wondertwins), a pair of crackers in Toronto who were formerly on the Amiga platform. The article is brief and is more promotional than a review.

[Issue 5](/f/af2d924) introduced a manifesto, "We are here to keep you (the pirating public) informed. That is our goal. We also want to keep our review up to date which is why our review is weekly. Our main purpose is to do game reviews, and not group reviews. We look at the game, not the group.".

April's [issue 7](/f/a81a59c) contains eight reviews and the special report, "[NEUA](/g/national-elite-underground-alliance) What is this group up to these days?" written by CrzyJoe of NEUA.

[Issue 9](/f/b32f5dc) released in May includes an interview with [The SlaveLord](/p/the-slavelord) who talks about [The Humble Guys](/g/the-humble-guys), [SPI](/g/software-pirates-inc), The NotSoHumbleBabe, Lord Blix and the new [BSP](/g/bentley-sidwell-productions), The Candyman, The Knack and The Software Surgeon.

The last issue is [\#11](/f/ac1beb4) from the 1st of July. However, there is no mention of this being the final in the magazine. But Galatic Review would return one more time in December 1991 as a core component of [The Humble Review](/f/a56d0), a one-off collaboration with The Humble Guys. "We bring you Galatic Issue #12! Finally here after a 4+ month wait, as well as other features we feel you might like to see!"

[^1]: TriNet (TN) may have been a BBS network from Toronto, Canada that also had nodes in California.