Illuminatus, a monthly magazine programmed by [Surak](/p/surak) and released at the end of June 1991 began with a rough start, he writes "It seems some guy Downloaded the Source Code from My bbs.. well, there is nothing I can do to really stop it from going around". He also mentions that the source code is from [Cosmic Press Magazine](/g/cosmic-press) and was donated by its original author, ICEMAN.

###### [Issue 1](/f/9e5ca) highlights include:

- (ed: the [coop](/g/coop)) Tristar / Red Sector / The Dream Team - The Story by [Hard Core](/p/hard-core).
- [PHOENiX](/g/phoenix) - The Story, a light to read fluff piece about the group.
- [Marauding Goblin](https://demozoo.org/sceners/133864/) writes about the Melbourne Australia piracy scene.

<br>

###### [Issue 2](/f/9f5a6) highlights include:

- A history of Pirate Magazines, which is more of a biography for the author, [Captain Tom](https://demozoo.org/sceners/53680/). But he does confirm Cosmic Press only had three issues.
- [Black Spyrit](https://demozoo.org/sceners/17391/), [iCE](/g/insane-creators-enterprise) artist authors, "Beyond 256 colors - How to REALLY make a loader".
- What makes a BBS Really Good! covers the hierarchy of BBS systems and the different types of boards.

<br>

###### [Issue 3](/f/a0502) highlights include:

- The Story of [RPM Graphics](/g/relentless-pursuit-of-magnificence) by Honus Wagner.
- An interview with [Frozen Tormentor](https://demozoo.org/sceners/40155/) co-founder of [iCE](/g/insane-creators-enterprise).
- Rescue Raider / INC Cheats - A New Beginning by [The Eel](https://demozoo.org/sceners/25455/).
- The Demo Craze complains about the trend of cracking groups releasing game demos and previews put out by the game publishers.
- How Come ANSI Groups Are Going Out by [Killer Beast](https://demozoo.org/sceners/124071/), a hard to read article about the intertwined history of [AAA](/g/aces-of-ansi-art), ACiD and iCE.

<br>

###### [Issue 4](/f/a76e5) highlights include:

- 'Nother Hack by Surak writes about both SPiN's [Toxic Shock](/f/ae23ed4) and now [Censor](/f/ae1f00c) by Rabid using his source code.
- Here a Net, There a Net by Captain Tom writes a history and summary on The [SlaveLord](https://demozoo.org/sceners/7424/)'s OOFNET and TCSnet by [Force Ten](https://demozoo.org/sceners/25685/).
- Competition, What's That? by The Eel, "Then came the big two ([INC](/g/international-network-of-crackers) and [THG](/g/the-humble-guys)) and competition reached an all-time peak. This is also when pirates began to change their attitudes. No longer were they complementing each other... they began to rag".
- Pirate Mag Roundup briefly reviews, [API](/g/american-pirate-industries), Censor, KRACK, [Dune Magazine](/g/deadly-underground-network-of-elites), [SCD](/g/software-chronicles-digest), [MAI Review](/g/mai-review), [SDA Review](/g/sda-review), California Pirate Mag, [MPI Magazine](/g/micropirates-inc), Ground, and [The Humble Review](/g/humble-review).
- Goodbye from the [MotherBoard I](https://demozoo.org/bbs/1647/), which departs in disgust due to drama caused by Skid Row on the Amiga.
- bYTE writes the Area Code Wars, a light history of the PC piracy scene via the BBS systems.

<br>

###### [Issue 5](/f/a71b32a) highlights include: 

- A big focus on the infamous arrests of NotSoHumbleBabe and The Grim Reaper, and the subsequent retirement letters from Sought After, The Eel, Black Spyrit, The Renegade Chemist, and various perspectives on the situation.
- [BaD](/g/bad-news) Journalism is a drama filled piece about the infamous group and magazine.
- bYTE writes his worst games of all time, Eye of the Beholder, Earl Weaver's Baseball 2, Pool of Radiance, Manhunter 1 and 2.
- Review of the Fallout BBS software created by Atlas from New York.

<br>

###### [Issue 5½](/f/a8641)

This strangely numbered issue became the finalle which included a large number of repeated articles, but also of note: The BBS World is Going To Shambles by Sir Galliant. And the Problems in the Pirate World that complains about how [USA/Fairlight](/g/united-software-association*fairlight) charged $100 per month for a BBS distribution site affiliation or the annoying trend of injecting BBS adverts into ZIP archives.