**PreVueS** Magazine was a piracy publication from 1991 and 1992 that we have a few issues of. The editorial is mostly the work of [Big Mario](/p/big-mario) and [NaTaS](/p/natas) and the primary board was the [Arcadia](https://demozoo.org/bbs/5294/) BBS from Pennsylvania.

In **[issue 5](/f/ac1cb80)** from October 1991 the magazine claims they have returned "after several months of inactivity". That the editorial changed from NaTaS to Big Mario and that the magazine was now being released on the Arcadia BBS. Articles include a review of PRiSM BBS software, ten game reviews, some out of date technology news and hack/phreak writings.

**[Issue 6](/f/ad1de04)** saw **PreVueS merge into [Silicon Dream Artists](/g/silicon-dream-artists)**, creators of the retired [SDA Review](/g/sda-review). [Force Ten](/p/force-ten) writes, "PerVueS has merged into SDA. Our magazine, Silicon Review, will be discontinued and will be put into 'PreVueS - An SDA Production', which is the old PreVueS and Silicon Review put together."

There's a few interesting tidbits in this issue. In the Computer Showdown article, you can see an NEC Powermate i386/33 listed for \$5900 USD. A consumer grade Western Digital 85MB IDE hard disk for \$495. And a US Robotics Courier HST Dual Standard modem for \$1300. And a 17" 1280*1024 high-resolution Zenith monitor for \$1700. A new release, top-tier PC game was around \$60, for comparison.

The Rumours and News talks about [ICE](/g/insane-creators-enterprise) merging into [ACiD](/g/acid-productions) and FiSH plus MAFiA joining to form [HaTE](https://demozoo.org/groups/131594/). The new group [FCC](/g/federal-cracking-consortium) releasing Long Bow, Razor 1911 on PC merging into INC, and TDT/TRSi splitting to form TDT/SkidRow, while TRSi goes solo. Also mentioned is the BBS software ViSiON-X has its own network, "TOXiCNet". Finally, there's an article on the HaTE / SDA fallout.

Reviews of BBS software include:
- Celerity BBS by The Byter and sold for $50.
- LSD by The SlaveLord and was selling for $100.
- PRiSM by Big Mario for $25.
- ADI BBS by Extreme AI.
- Keeper BBS by The Keeper that sold for $35.
- ViSiON-X by The Warlord.
- Silicosis BBS by The Skeeve sold for $25.
- Revelation BBS by Force Ten for $35.

---

**PreVueS [issue 7](/f/b025a6a)** from July 1992 saw the magazine return to being an Independent publication. In the what's new section, "Anyhow, you may sense the huge disappearance of SDA. We were supposed to merge with [ICE:TNO](https://demozoo.org/groups/123172/), however that left with [Frozen Terminator](https://demozoo.org/sceners/40155/)."

Articles include [Tempus Thales](https://demozoo.org/sceners/40163/) talking about the failed attempt to merge iCE into ACiD, a move led by VenoM. There's an interview with [Nautilus](https://demozoo.org/sceners/40158/) of iCE which he claims the big differences between the two groups was that ACiD charged money for commissioned artworks, while iCE did not.

BBS software reviews include:
- MiRAGE BBS by Father Time selling for $50.
- Oblivion/2 by Lord Tracer and Lord of Peasants.
- Visblast by The Wildcard which was free.
- Cypher by The Elemental.