Bentley Sidwell Productions is a mid-late 1980s game release group commonly attributed to the cracker **[Lord Blix](/p/lord-blix)**[^2] from Texas, who would reappear in many key groups of the early 1990s, such as [The Firm](/g/the-firm), [The Humble Guys](/g/the-humble-guys), [USA](/g/united-software-association*fairlight), and [Fairlight](/g/fairlight).

It’s hard to determine the origins of BSP, however the textfile, "[The Docs to Defender of the Crown](/f/bd3090a)" was uploaded to [The Celestial Woodlands](https://demozoo.org/bbs/1882/) BBS on the 31st August 1987. It is credited to "Tar Cirtcele & Lord Blix of Bently Sidwell Productions". While at the end of the text also thanks "Lethal Inject of B.S.P.", plus The Space Pirate and The Ranger, who we assume were not members. However, later game documenation releases would often get credited to "[Mr. X](/p/mr-x) of Bently Sidwell Productions", who was the system operator of [The Forbidden Passage](https://demozoo.org/bbs/1883/) BBS in Houston, Texas.

Later releases would be numbered, for example:

- [Crack #11 - "Prowler" (Mastertronics)](/f/ad23d70), from the 4th of May 1988[^3]
- [Crack #17 - "Bad Street Brawler"](/f/ad23d70) from 17th of May[^3]
- [Crack #20 - "WILLOW" (Lucasfilms/Mindscape)](/f/a3290d) from May or June[^3]
- [Crack #22 - "L.A. Crackdown"](/f/ba305da) from the 11th of June[^3]
- [Crack #23 - "Bedlam"](/f/b62b737) from the 14th of June[^3]
- [Crack #25 - "Paperboy"](/f/8b3b1b7) from 1st of July[^3]
- [Crack #26 - "The Last Ninja"](/f/b82d456) from 2nd of July[^3]
- [Crack #31 - {{ EMPIRE }}](/f/a92f86) from 8th of August[^3]

<br>
Other cracked titles listed[^4] in the many BSP textfiles include: Defender of the Crown, Instrucalc I, Where in EUROPE is Carmen Sandiego?, Blackjack Academy, Creative Contraptions, Rampage, Shiloh: Grant's Trial in the West, Star Trek: Kobyashi Alternative, Seven Spirits of Ra, Star Rank Boxing 2, Harrier Combat Simulator, Blockbuster, Blackjack Academy, California Dream's Gambler, Death Sword, Uridium, Impossible Mission 2, Trains, Creative Contraptions.

Crack screens from the first half of 1988 would list "A Division of **Legions of Lucifer**[^1] INC.", a group that was probably involved with computer hacking or phone phreaking and either associated with or founded by Lord Blix. As he is credited to some phone hacking tools such as [Gunbelt 3](/f/b3286a2). Lord Blix would leave the group in early 1989 to join up with The Firm, but who would occasionally label themselves as the "[Ex-BSP division](/f/ab2a1ce)". A couple of years later in April 1991, he would [briefly reform](/f/a91c450) the group with some of the original members.

Boards associated with BSP would often be listed as members of the **Bentley Sidwell Productions Network (BSPN)**, and include these +713 Houston boards: 
The Ranger's The Celestial Woodlands, Mr. X's The Forbidden Passage, [The Alternate Mindlink](https://demozoo.org/bbs/3992/), 
Damien's [Hellfire Inc.](https://demozoo.org/bbs/1884/), as well as Jack Daniels' [Life After Death](https://demozoo.org/bbs/1885/) (+416, Toronto), and Gunship's [Bounty Reef BBS](https://demozoo.org/bbs/6027/) (+303, Colorado).

[^1]: This 1988 group is unrelated [Legions of Lucifer](https://textfiles.meulie.net/magazines/LOL/lol-20.phk) magazine by Digitone Cypher in 1990, that became LoL-Phuck in 1991.
[^2]: Lord Blix would often signoff as "LB".
[^3]: These release dates are unconfirmed and are based on the last modification dates of key files.
[^4]: Listed in the order of appearance.