The first known release by **The Boys from Company C** is the original 1987 version of [World Class Leader Board](/f/b826e6a) from Access Software. On PC, this title was reprinted multiple times in the late 1980s with different code supporting updated hardware that makes it confusing to date. 

September 1987 saw [Zanna Martin](/p/zanna-martin) from [C&M](/g/c-ampersand-m) joining the BCC with a release of Dark Castle. The [CGA crack screen](/f/b52410a) lists three other members, Bilbo Baggins, Clyde Ferndox, The Maestro, and his BBS, [The Cornerstone](https://demozoo.org/bbs/6053/) located in the state of Virginia. Dark Castle would be re-released the following month with a [revised crack screen](/f/ae19902) advertising the new phone number for The Cornerstone.

The next month, The Infiltrator Part 2 was cracked and dated by [Clyde Ferndox](/p/clyde-ferndox) with his [game title graffiti](/f/af1be12), (C)RACKED BY CLYDE FERNDOX 10-20-87. A BCC PRODUCTION !!!.

While the BCC release of [Deep Space](/f/b120c32) from the same week would advertise Bilbo Baggins’ board, [LateNight BBS](https://demozoo.org/bbs/6052/) based in Washington DC.

The group added two new members before years end, with Top Gun being listed in the November release of [Might and Magic](/f/af19d7a), and Dark Angel[^1] being the author of the [SDI reference](/f/b044af) card text in December. And by August 1988, Osgood Slaughter had joined as a cracker with the release of [Jr. Pac-Man](/f/af40b7).

[^1]: Dark Angel would sometimes signoff as _da\bcc_.