**Insane Reality** from Immortal Riot was a publication from Sweden that focused on the virus writing Scene.

Issue 2 has an interview with [Wico](https://demozoo.org/sceners/4925/), member of [Demoralized Youth](https://demozoo.org/groups/131711/) (DY) and former operator of [Inner Circle](https://demozoo.org/bbs/977/). Since 1989, Wico from Sweden, was also active in the piracy scene with affiliations like Classic, Aurora, Scoopex, and on the PC The Humble Guys, Razor 1911, and INC Europe.

In issue 4 with Beetle, he had been active in the Apple II scene since 1984, and is critical of the underground, "The Warez scene has got to be toned down. Warez ARE neccesary, but their presence is way too over emphasized. The H/P scene has to be revived. In the mid-eighties, the H/P scene was at it's peak and has never been the same since."

In the same issue is an interview with the fake handle of "The Wizard" from Sweden. He had access to his neighbor's IBM PC way back in 1981. His parents bought him an 8088 4.77Mhz PC in 1982 and it got upgraded to have a 5MB hard drive in 1983. But importantly, in 1985 he got given a 1200 baud modem from his neighbor and became active on the BBS Scene.

According to him, in 1985, "And back then there wasn't any "scenes", every board had everything. And since everyone calling with computers mostly where big enthusts of computers.. (and) interested in everything about calling for free and how to crack and diskcopy games. Then in 1987-88 something happened. A couple of boards started up that only allowed commercial games and programs that were cracked. And with these boards several "cracking-groups" began to popup."
