1992 saw lots of success for **Fairlight** and the group [ballooning](/f/b42ec96) with a large membership including many former members of [INC](/g/international-network-of-crackers), and the US side of the group being run by Ford Perfect. Yet thanks to some [immature drama](/f/b528606) at his instigation, by years end the group [collapsed](/f/b0411d), with many parting ways to form [Sinister](/g/sinister). Ford Perfect continued on with the name for a brief time before [possibly quitting](/f/a72d0b#:~:text=Ford Perfect just  may have left) the scene and finally ending the group.

All this must have been to the dismay of Strider who restored the group in March 1993 with [a release](/f/b047d2) of the sequel to one of the best reviewed microcomputer games of all time, Lemmings. This new Fairlight was tiny in comparison to the one from the previous year and only comprised of Swedish members. In this first release they state "Time to focus on Quality, and bring the honor to the name FairLight on PC again."

Fairlight on the PC was a cracking group that only released games published onto [floppy disks](/f/b52d81d). While not unusual, this narrow scope caused the group faded away before 1996 as the game industry moved exclusively to CD ROM, and piracy to CD RIPs. It wasn't until November 1998 that [Fairlight returned](/f/ac2be5) with JBM and Holy Beast, as one of the earlier **ISO groups** releasing complete CD (and eventually DVD) images of games.

In the 2000s the Fairlight brand went in two unrelated directions, with the legitimate **Demoscene** [component](/f/ab3caf) seeing great success in that community. Which awkwardly, was [juxtaposed](/f/ac33f8) with a [now criminal](https://www.copyright.gov/docs/2265_stat.html) piracy group that was getting unwanted attention due to the rise of BitTorrent and sites like The Pirate Bay. March 2011 saw [1,000 ISO releases](/f/ad4991) under Fairlight and its 25th anniversary in 2012 with both unrelated Demoscene and piracy activities going strong.