**ENTiTY** or NTT were a PC and console cracking group that published a painful to read group newsletter authored by [CETiS](https://demozoo.org/sceners/25382/). The following were extracted from the two known newsletters using a hex editor, though the text control codes were removed:

---

RE: ENTiTY NEWS #1
TM: 10:00 pm EST
DT: 01/18/94

BTW, in this spiffy little txt editor, you can watch me make mistakes. You can see everything that comes to my head, even if I decide not to write it. I would like to quickly send one large fuck you greet to [Black Hawk](https://demozoo.org/sceners/1879/), for his neverending rags of Spreadpoint were something to cherish and enjoy. Black Hawk was so busy ragging on [SP/PC](https://demozoo.org/groups/132148/), that he put out unnecessary roughness hours late. Oh well, fuck you Black Hawk, and maybe you should spend more time worrying about [PWA](https://demozoo.org/groups/46360/) than about ENTiTY. Anyone who would like to reach Black Hawk can call his VMB at 800-553-6880 (box 7825).

So here we are, ENTiTY, another creation with the same ideals as SP/PC, but some more members from PWA. I guess you probably don't want to see another PWA.NFO with a bunch of xxx's all over it, but BlackRanger, Janno, Faith Healer, and Vanilla Ice are with us now. Oh yeah, so is Stapper, Nosferatu, and Hydra. Joining ENTiTY's console division are Aftermath of V-X and NTG, CHP and Terra X of "Yukon", and SPACEMAN SPIFF of the land of codez!!! Oh well, a positive greet goes out to The Butcher and Marauder of RAZOR 1911, Butcher because he is a fan of my newsletters, and Scott because he is just sooo \/\<rad! hehe ...

Another greet goes out to Pieman, none to Toyman, one to Ford Perfect, one to Dorion Hawkmoon, and a get well goes out to Network (yes, the old Network from INC has joined up with us). A big greet goes out to Nicole of Electronic Arts, she has been very responsive to our needs, I wish she would be more responsive to my dick I mean need for Red Label treatment. One grreeaaatt greet goes out to VisioN, he has decided to help out ENTiTY with it's artistic creations. I guess you will not be seeing my diz for very long. Hopefully I will have some new releases to write meaningful newsletters for in the future, but until some asshole guy like Black Hawk decided's to start shit, we will just write newsletters greeting all of our friends and foes.

Sincerely,

CETiS [ACiD ENTiTY]

---

Oh well, another week over, and many changes still taking place. I never haveseen so many people so eager to group hop their ass around the fucking scene.I know this might sound hypocritical, but does anyone in the warez scene haveany allegienece to their groups or not? ... I mean, I have gone through perhaps more groups than most within the last few months, but that is because foif of extra-neous problems wihth special people. If Heretic and Warchild and Cyberchristwould have been denied membership in my version of Fairlight that I had startedwith Union Jack and Shardik and Raider. , I would still be there, we would havea steady card supply, and we would be uoout-releasing both PTG and RAZOR 1911.But for now, my greets go out to RAZOR for bringing us Pinaball Fantasies, thatis perhaps the best release of '94. I guess that makes sense when you considerthe fact htahat Pinball Dreams was the best release of '93 :) ... maybe not, buthey, I canpl play those games on conferences and still maintain interestt in thediscussion. BTW, Black Hawk, I hope you realize that htthey are logging alll  callsto your VMB system. It has the extra ring series adnd everyhtinthing that would indicate-  dicate a little ANI ytracking or whatenot. You might have oushedpushed your luck when you started smomeone decided to post the VKBMB system number publically, but then again, waitis probably just something moinor.So what has been happening out there in europe this week, because the Anmeriaacancouriers are taking control, ansd I can see the American scene picking up big-time here in February. I noticed that The Wanderor is still lightning fast, heand Luke Skyywalker have spread the ENTiTY warez well. I am most impressed byMarine and Digital Interface , however, those two guys move some serious meggagefor busy individuals (and Digital's in Uthe States). Other fstast spreaders fromtehe US are The Cardinal and The Super Patriot. I'm glad we at least have TSPon our side :) ... anyone inteerested in becoming a part of the fastest spread-ing team of any warez group can contact Digitlal Interface on The City in 813.We currently show Luke Skyywalker, The Super Patriot, Janno, Marine, Black Ran-hger, Spaceman Spiff, The Bloke, Hydra, Shakattack, and other fine couriers. Istill wuould like to have The Wanderor affiliate himself with us, for he seemsto move our files irregardless. Perhaps it is that term proggy he wrote, butnveever the less, he is incredible in my opinion.AT&T has cracked down on conferences (800 dial in's at least). I am not sure what who or what propmted this immediate security, but it sucks whatever it is. Ipersonally tried t o run one Friday evening, and the  damn operator triededd to have me arrested. I was in the green box cabinet one of those 1000 line cabinets beige boxing one, when thebitch deicided to stall me for like 10 minutes. I was suspicious from the startbecause the damn ring was funky and te he line quality was terribele, but I stuckit out for NABabout 8 minutes before realizing that someotthing fishy was going on behind the scenes. I left,jumed inm my car and drove away, and from about 50 1/8th 10 cars lengths around the corener a policeatrol car turned down the street I has been on. Iam not crtainertain whether or not he was sent to the pole I was using, but I knowhe would have arrested me wehthehether or not he was sent anyhow. Oh well, I guesspeople outside of Florida will be doing the dirty work for awhile.Where is PTG? ... I noticed that NEXUS treied to release this weekend, but whathas happened to our Satanic cracking group from from Electrinonic Boutiqquue? ... Not allthat much cmomin out from VSW, TRSim , or PTG lately. Evertihing seems to be RAZORm,but nothing seems to be good. I have been playing all sahharewrare lately, Raptor i is incredible, Xargon looks pretty decent, and this Skyroads game from last Oct.is fucking awesome. I woudld like to thnkank TDthe TDT guys fo r always cracking theirfiles the frirst time. It makes life much easier (eeven if I have to see teheir generic loading screen on every release they crack). Has Elusive Dreams slowed this badly, or has Toyman been taking the board down multiple times per day. I hvave never seen i t this bad, the scene is dying. THGis dyingm, INC is still reproudly releasing kkiiddie warez, and Black Hawk is out-releasing NTA 5:1. I am dissappointed inn the Nocturnal Tradersm , they are allow-ing this asshole to rock their dept.titlerelease title. Not too many killer utils or appsout there anyhow, but sometihing aloonng the lines of Chicago would be nice inst plplace of Lan servers adnd NT font packs. Doesn;t't anyone out there have a contactat MicrIBM nowadays, I want the newest version of PC-DOS and the betfninlal bets'saa's ofOS/@2.Oh well, greets go out to all of thsose crard suppliers who popped up this lastweekenk. I haved begged for months, and now I hvave too many to utilize. I guess Inever really thought about how easy it was to reget cards from CBI or whatenatot.I am thinking about buying an Amiga for a /second./second choice conmputer, that way Ican participate in  a scene where there are a considerable number sodf functional,able pirates. The demos ion the Amiga rock, and the games are faster and, have 100%better graphics, and play well in multi-tasking environements. Some peopleGreeys go out tothe guys on Caracksite BBS, I have heard you got a kick out of the ENTiTY news-kletteletter #1 in terms terms of the Black Hawk review.

Greets go out to:CaThe Cardibnalnal: because I know you kept the last newsletter on your HD.Spaceman Spiff: because your dual was  because you plan to run a few ACiD conf;s's soon, right?War Master: because without Crystal, I feel for you still manage to stay "nice."Nuke: because your around even after Micro-shafted you.The Bainster: because I am up to like 200 megs or so on The City.Marine: because you are the hardest working couirier in the scene, relax!Luke Skyywalker: because Duke is /NOT/ your brother,.Spuuper Patriot: because you can handle the e dist. sites alone if needs be :)James Bomb: because Shorty got ghis manebname from his lack of someone myou knew how you kno Sinister waswe are not releasing Rollerblade Racer in ENTiTY.Vision: because you expanded onmy  my handle ... Sheetiashss   in 'da howz!Digital Interface: because pagers around the world are calling out LD!Pieman: becuasause when the time comes, we know your withu  us.Raider: because now that we have copriersiers, PTG means nothing!Scott Soimpsinpon: because you made iit all possible (System-75's)Icy./Vindication/Tempus Thales/Visosion/Shockwave: because IU need favors!and Manifest, /Oasis./Mandor/Diamond Dog: because we keep Ray Fisher out of it!cya next time, l8r ...CETiS [ENTiTY ACiD]