**The Game Review** (TGR) was a very popular Scene publication that selectively reviewed new released games penned by Ionizer who was a senior coordinator of the courier group [Malice](/g/malice). He would later sign-off as "-Ionizer (Game Reviewer /\ Malice/Razor/RoR/PNC/HST Courier)".

Introduced on the 20th August 1995 release of The Week in Warez ([WWN](/g/the-week-in-warez)) [issue 4](/f/a9109) as a "special edition" report by Ionizer, "**The Week in Games**", it became an occasional feature in the magazine. [Ionizer](https://demozoo.org/sceners/139847/) writes, "This new edition to the WWN magazine is dedicated to a quick review of what game's \<and only games\> are hot and whats not...and comments about them."

The column returned on the 13th September for [issue 7](/f/a31b2) with Ionizer writing, "Welp, I'm back from vacation and here it is again!" Games would be have a paragraph dedicated to the review and then a "rating" out of 10. Ionizer would also provide commentary on each Scene group. A quirk of Ionizer was he refused to run Microsoft's Windows 95, which was the most hyped piece of software of its time, so there were some games that he skipped, with Lester writing, "We still need a WIN95 game reviewer". 

The late September release of WWN [issue 8](/f/a4144) would become the first dedicated issue of TGR. "Well it seems no one is running WWN anymore, so since I will continue writing this game review, THIS IS NOW WWN." It is uncertain if there were any other issues of WWN~TGR, but it seems it went away. Until November with a [first issue](/f/a8702) of "**GAMES**", where he writes, "I realize I missed a lot of shit, but I didn't decide to do this till Friday."

Inquisition was the spiritual successor to WWN and [issue 5](/f/9f1bf) from the 11th of November would see the appearance of "Games Warez Report - Ionizer". And this would continue in each issue from #6 through to #10. However, Inquisition [issue #11](/f/a5163) reports, "we no longer carry Ionizer's Game Review. This decision was justified by his ignorance of publishing that we were dead". TGR jumped ship to the Reality Check Network, appearing in [RCN #12](/f/a25e2) which promptly died the following week![^1]

But that wasn't a problem as the Game Review was already distributed independantly, "will be released every SUNDAY, in IRC, in `#warez5`[^2] and other channels and can be obtained by `/m iondcc xdcc list` or `/m ionizer xdcc list`[^3] on Sunday" "You can now also The Game Review via the WWW @ `http://www.aych-dee.com/tgr.html`".[^4]

Ionizer would expand the features of the magazine and include "Top 5 Sellers", and "Upcoming Release Dates" and highlight his "Game of the Week". And [issue #6](/f/a4528) would see the publication formally titled, "**The Game Review**".

[Issue #11](/f/a9714) published a reader poll of the best games release group, however the results seem dubious given ROR's later notoriety.
```
            POLL VOTE RESULTS OF BEST GAMES RELEASE GROUP:
            - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Place (1=Best)   |   Votes Received   |   Group Name
-----------------------------------------------------------------     
     #1                  33             Razor/RazorCD (RCD)
     #2                  16             Release on Ramapage (RoR)
     #3                   8             Hybrid (HBD)
     #4                   3             Legacy (LGC)
```

[Issue 12](/f/aa6f0) saw the reviews also print the `FILE_ID.DIZ` of each game release. [Issue 21](/f/aa72e) introduced a "The Dupe" section to list the skipped game releases. [Issue 30](/f/aa418) saw path0s join the publication to review Windows 95 games. 1996 October's [issue 41](/f/ab75e) saw Ionizer take a break for a number of months, but it returned in early January 1997 with [issue 42](/ac73a/ab75f). The 13th April 1997 saw an even longer pause to the magazine with this [farewell text](/f/b1606). 

However, Ionizer would [bring it back](/f/af604) in June 1998. "Remember when I said TGR was dead and never to be again?, Yeah, well...I LIED.  We're back, obviously." "But Ionizer, all games are win95 now! Obviously, I've installed win95, and I still hate it." [Issue 56](/f/a0579) saw Ionizer obtain an early 3D card, "3DFX card (Monster II, 12 mb 'voodoo2'). This means that any 3DFX only games will now be reviewed" Yet, once the summer of 1998 passed, TGR would be placed into permanent hibernation with [issue 60](/f/a4789) being the last known issue.

```
                   .x#$$#x.
                   `:$$$$:'  The Game Review!
                .x%#$$$$$$#%x.  .x#$$$$#x.  .x#$$$#x.
                `""""$$$$""""' .S$$$$$$$$S.$$$$$$$$$Ss
                     $$$$.sS$Ss.$$$$  $$$$$`$$$$ $$$$$
                     $$$$$$$$$$$ $$$$$$$$$',$$$$
                     $$$$$$$$$$$ """"`$$$$ $$$$$$
                      $$$$$$$$$ sS$Ss."$$$ $$$$$$   pn           
               `-------------- $$$$$$$$$$$ ------------'
                                $$$$$$$$'`
                
             ~VOTED #1 WAREZ MAG/REVIEW BY INTERNET USERS~
   ~TGR IS PROUD TO BE THE LONGEST RUNNING WEEKLY WAREZ MAG/REVIEW, EVER!~
```

Other magazines that reprinted TGR were [Affinity](/g/affinity), Weekly World Warez Magazine \(WWWM\)[^5], [Defacto 2](/g/defacto2), and [Anemia](/g/anemia).

[^1]: Though, months later, RCN would return and republish every TGR issue for the remainder of RCN's existence.
[^2]: `#warez5` was an open IRC chat channel on Efnet. `#warez`, `#warez1`, etc. were all private or closed channels.
[^3]: `xdcc` is a protocol for file sharing over IRC, `iondcc` and `ionizer` would have been the nickname of Ionizer or his bots on the chat server.
[^4]: In 1995, the World Wide Web was still in its infancy and wasn't widely used for file distribution. Many people connected to the Internet using the text only Telnet, with a terminal emulator and found the web less convenient than using FTP file servers or IRC chat servers.
[^5]: These issues might be lost?