**Affinity E-Zine** (AFT) was a magazine originally publish by Canadian Born Coders (CBD) before becoming a brand onto itself. For a while it was one of the main publications of the period and unlike most other magazines, Affinity would have their own in-house game reviews. In some repsects, Affinity were ahead of time, covering subjects that would blow up online years later. Such as the day one birth of MP3 piracy that would go mainstream with [Napster](https://www.bbc.com/culture/article/20190531-napster-turns-20-how-it-changed-the-music-industry), or the extensive coverage of [Damage Cybernetics](https://archaic-ruins.lngn.net/features/damaged/) during their two year peak, exploring console emulation long before retro gaming blew up on YouTube.

The [first issue](/f/a6150) came out in 26th July 1996, meaning it came out in between the far more popular [Reality Check Network](/g/reality-check-network) issues 23 and 24, and in the forward they write, "We would like to thank RCN for giving us the Inspiration to publish our own magazine." It was programmed in Borland C++ by Mr Mister and edited by Mr Mister and Super Hacker.

Interviews were conducted with Scorpian of [Premiere](/g/premiere) that was founded around 1st of June, Bug Lord a co-founder of [EPiC](/g/epic), Druidkin the Net Director of the [Razor 1911](/g/razor-1911), Speedball of [RiSE](/g/rise), Charley of [Cell Block 4](/g/cellblock-4) who didn't like her previous interview in RCN together with IvanHoe and they talk about the history of the group, Shadow Master talks of the [SPA](/g/standards-of-piracy-association).

[Issue 2](/f/a716a) interviews DreamWeaver of [PWA](/g/pirates-with-attitudes), The Chosen One of [ACiDiC](https://demozoo.org/groups/36835/) a subgroup of [ACiD](/g/acid-productions) and Locutus an ASCII artist of ACiD, Byron Zed of World Wide Releasing ([WWR](/g/world-wide-releasing)), [Tough Guy](https://demozoo.org/sceners/46981/) system operator for [Citadel of Chaos](https://demozoo.org/bbs/3223/) (COC) from Ontario.

[Issue 3](/f/a817c) rebrands itself as Affinty Electronic Magazine with the tagline "Your alternative warez magazine". Interviews include Rio and Ken of Razor 1911/Mortality/EverClear, Tok of [Sodom](/g/sodom), Phalycide of [Empire](/g/empire), Charley returns for a second interview, [Demolition](/g/demolition) president Violator.

There is also a spotlight on Compress 'da Audio, the first music piracy group on the Scene and probably on the Internet. Affinity interviews NetFrack, the founder who talks about the concept. "Well, I've thought of the idea of somehow pirating, music. However I never had the means to do so, until now." "We eliminated the size constraints. We use a new format to compress our music. The MP3 format." Their first release was Until it Sleeps by Metallica and first shared online on the 10th of August 1996.

[Issue 4](/f/a9176) spotlights [GLOW](/g/gorgeous-ladies-of-warez) or the Gorgeous Ladies of Warez and interviews co-founder Kimberlee (Lady_C) who states, "We decided that there was a great amount of female talent that was dispersed throught the net lacking some type of unification and thought that perhaps if we brought it all together... that maybe we could have ladies make their make in the scene"

Interviews include Entropy of [Core Dump](/g/core-dump), ShereKhan of the MP3 group Digital Audio Crew, RATM formerly of RCN, and RipTide's magazine [CyberMail](/g/cybermail) briefly joins the Affinity.

[Issue 5](/f/aa108) sees a new interface and begins with seperate interviews with Y0shi and The_Brain of Damaged Cybernetics, who were some of the pioneers in console emulation, N0Fx and BonethuG of the MP3 group Rabid Neurosis, SuperChic the other co-founder of GLOW mention they're at 38 members, and the spotlight is with Mack Crack Corporation ([MCC](/g/mack-crack-corporation)) and interviews Pyschotrn.

[Issue 6](/f/a21a1) opens with a drama on a BBS that has been lost to time, and interviews Wildd the vice president of SiN and Shiffie of PWA, and the spotlight is an interview with Nemesis senior Con-Man who started out in Malice and Fairlight "about 6 or so years ago". A novel feature is introduced, "Old NFOs" which we at this website give a nod to.

[Issue 7](/f/a31bb) sees co-editor Dante retire and replaced with RedNex. There are two more interviews with the crew of Damaged Cybernetics, Typhoon_z and EFX. The cover story is an interview with t800 who talks about the fall of [Lightning Couriers](/g/lightning-couriers). Interviews include Zima Man the president of [Pinnacle](/g/pinnacle), BiG_W talks about the UK Scene. And the spotlight is with _HappIS_ the [Defiance](/g/defiance) leader.

[Issue 8](/f/a414d) is a bumper issue and focuses on the retirement of The Speed Racer from Razor 1911, being replaced by The Punisher. We get individual interviews with TSR himself, The Punisher, and Toast. The Punisher is the most interesting and he talks of his dislike of Scene magazines, a feeling that would spread. "Magazines reveal scene happenings that 'could' benefit law agencies. For example, David Amore from EA reads RCN and [INQ](/g/inquisition) whenever he can to learn what's going on".

**Damage Cybernetics** members are interviewed, MindRape the group founder who started it in 1991 plus Yoshi and Riff also return to talk of quickNES. When asked about why DC is a major player in consoles MindRape states, "we all have (ed: console) copiers. The truth is this. Consoles are much more fun than the PC Warez scene and other scenes. It is more based on the C64 scene than anything, the attitudes, the friendships and fun!"

The Damage Cybernetics website at the time was at `http://www.futureone.com/~damaged` but got [shutdown](https://web.archive.org/web/19990128133052/http://futureone.com/%7Edamaged/real.htm) on the 4th April 1997, two years after going online. There's a mirror of the site at [Archaic Ruins](https://archaic-ruins.lngn.net/features/damaged/) that has content from the original 1996 site.

Also interviewed is Riddler of United Cracking Force ([UCF](/g/united-cracking-force)), Hot Tuna of Razor 1911 talks on the UK scene, Dizzident on [Devotion](/g/devotion), and Tok of Sodom.

[Issue 9](/f/a5147) begins with an interview with RCN editor Hitex who says he is leaving for the Scene for college to study journalism, I wonder where he ended up? The magazine introduces a new useful Feature, an Al-Manac of Groups listing the name, IRC channel, and leadership. And there is also Splash, to highnight the artscene. 

###### Note, issues #10 onwards do not emulate correcting, they have with problems when paging within the articles.

[Issue 10](/f/a6159) is a retrospective with reprints of earlier interviews, however there is a new interview with editor Mr. Mister who talks about the history of Affinity. 

[Issue 11](/f/a7153) lacks any interviews or cover story, but offers some early reports on **Operation CyberStrike**, the first of what would be many global law enforcement takedowns, lead to the Scene on the Internet becoming far more paranoid, and bookmarked the end of the BBS era.

Sector1 writes, "the final blow came from the FBI. Secretly, they had set up an operation to take down as many boards and I-NET Couriers as possible. They assembled an 8 month task which was absolutely unexpected. During these 8 months, FBI agents secretly joined different groups and  crews and gathered information about the "scene". On January 28th, They broke out with a series 
of hunts and arrests."

"It totaled up to have taken out 6 RISC members, and several others from big and famous crews. The biggest hit came upon the boards around the world. These huge and expensive computers with 6-18 nodes, and 5-25 gigs of HD room where taken out with the garbage. Some that we know about are:"

- Egoistic Fate's [Malevolence BBS](https://demozoo.org/bbs/5475/) ~ [Drink or Die](/g/drink-or-die) World HQ, [Razor 1911](/g/razor-1911) US HQ, [RiSC](/g/rise-in-superior-couriering) Canadian HQ
- Neuromage's Purgatory ~ [Empire](/g/empire) World HQ, Razor 1911 member board
- [Zion's Hideout](https://demozoo.org/bbs/1261/) ~ [Prestige](/g/prestige) World HQ, [Millenium](/g/millenium) US HQ 
- ArchMagi's [Tower of Sorcery](https://demozoo.org/bbs/2402/) ~ Eternity World HQ, Empire US HQ, Prestige Eastern US HQ

<br>
"For many people who were not aware of the seriousness of warez, this opened their eyes.  Cyberstrike caused many to panic" "Many site-ops took down their sites, some temporary, and some for good."

Fro, commenting on the operation seemed more annoyed than anything, "Razor 1991 isn't cracking Red Alert to fuck Westwood Studios up, they're doing it for a challenge because they love to do it. [Nemesis](/g/nemesis) didn't release OSR2 to cost Microsoft money, they released it because most people wouldn't be able to get it."

Basilisk writes "Internet is going down the Shithole", yes way back in 1997. Just like today, some people find it hard to adjust when online spaces evolve.

[Issue 12](/f/aa20190) interviews Bigman, former co-operator of the internet facing BBS, [The Screwy Gecko](https://demozoo.org/bbs/9866/) and why it went offline. "As soon as I spoke to Chameleon, it was clear; he took it down... because of all the busts that had happened the week before." aka Operation CyberStrike. Later in the interview he comments on a trend, "the BBS won't be up any time soon; if he brings it back running as an FTP site that's a different story. (ed: FTP) It is safer, because you can ban IP addresses and restrict the access in many ways. But, I don't think Chameleon wants to be in the scene for now"

Charley and Def_Fred are interviewed about the merger of Cell Block 4 into [Rebels](/g/rebels). She states the merged occured on the 3rd or 7th of January 1997 and reflects on why they so much spend time with the Scene, "Yes, the #1 reason for us doing this is the FRIENDSHIP, and because we want to have fun"

There is also interviews with Union senior of Millennium and [Destiny](/g/destiny). Yoshi of Damage Cybernetics returns to deep dive on emulating the 6502 CPU. Steve the founder of MDF who talks on hacking the Final Fantasy 2j ROM for an English translation.

[Issue 13](/f/a917f) focuses on the MP3 Scene, interviewing Sledge current president of Compress 'da Audio, Space Hog of Rabid Neurosis. 

There is a great interview with Prozac supplier for PWA and a co-leader of [Class](/g/class), who talks of the founding of this top-tier game release group, "Then, finally in mid-December, Shadow Master (ed: he is the leader of Prestige (PSG) in 1997) decided that instead of doing intense (ed: group membership/job) cuts, we should start a new group, with a new slate. He invited the best of PSG, including me, to go with him, and that's how Class started."

And also covers the new approach "elite" groups are taking after the shock of Operation CyberStrike. "Cyberstrike did change one thing. We decided not to list who is in the group" "the Feds do use `.NFO` files; they form group listings and print-outs of people who are supplying games. The Feds presume that an .NFO is how a group keeps track of thier pay boards (they assume HQ boards are pay sites to support the group) and who the leaders are. The feds look over the `.NFO`, and then know who to mess with, or bust."

Hidden in the articles section is the long story, "**A Great Loss: The Death of Digital Cybernetics**". Much of it is authored by former members of Damage Cybernetics, with commentary on why they left and the drama of its decline and that of the emulation community. Typhoon_Z writes ends write, "As you can see from Chris (ed: Y0shi) and I's conversation, we both basically  left Damaged Cybernetics at the same time. I didn't have a chance to give MindRape my goodbye, because he closed Damaged Cybernetics before I had the chance. Damaged Cybernetics was a good group, and will never be forgotten"

[Issue 14](/f/aa171) interviews Mason founder of [Motiv8](/g/motiv8), an anonymous former member of [Malice](/g/malice) talks about the end of the group, Dee of Rise talks about [Perplex](/g/perplex), Venom of Bonedriven Couriers (BDC).

Midnight Sorrow talks about the third incarnation of CyberCrime International Network ([CCi](/g/cybercrime-international-network)) and its origins. He writes, "I first started it back in December of 1989 as a link between my [Infinite Darkness BBS](https://demozoo.org/bbs/1504/) and one other local system, to help unify our message bases. Then, in early-to-mid 1990, a couple of out-of-state boards wanted in. In mid 1990, [Altars of Madness](https://demozoo.org/bbs/4914/), which was Canada's largest art board, signed up, so I decided to go international." "In 1991 it had around 20-30 systems. In 1992, it had 50-100 systems... by the end of 1993 we had well over 300 systems".

[Issue 15](/f/ab10b) was delayed by months and would end up being the final issue. There's no interviews, spotlight or a cover story.

The Affinity website was moved to `http://www.scenelink.org/aft`, being hosted by [**scenelink**](https://wayback.defacto2.net/scenelink-from-1998-june-25/), a Scene news and interview website. Scenelink became a replacement for many magazine downloads of the time, as by 1997-98 many readers preferred the convenience of the web to offline reading within a command prompt window.

###### Affinity cheat codes

- Issue 8  : `BILLGATES`
- Issue 9  : `UNABOMBER`
- Issue 10 : `OJSIMPSON`
- Issue 11 : `90210`
- Issue 12 : `LOCKLEAR`
- Issue 13 : `SHAGTIME`
- Issue 14 : `MNMBUG`