**Defacto** (DF) was a brief, weekly publication from the group [Sodom](/g/sodom). It was edited by IPggi and NetRunner and programmed by Captain Power. Unfortunately, the article viewer in the magazine is jank and often uncooperative. The first issue, #1, should have been labeled issue 0 as it was an internal test build is lost to time, however the articles were carried over to issue 2.

[Issue 2](/f/9f4b4) launched in April 1996 after the brief retirement of the succesful [Reality Check Network](/g/reality-check-network). There are interviews with Centurion about restarting Paradox, Explosive a Russian courier for [DOD](/g/drink-or-die), [Sodom](/g/sodom) and [Empire](/g/empire), and Igor of [Motiv8](/g/motiv8).

[Issue 3](/f/a0410) has an interview with CyberAngel the president of [Tyranny](/g/tyranny), 187 talks about closing down his Swedish BBS the [Rebellion Authority](https://demozoo.org/bbs/10335/) (RAY), Miller the founder of Horizon ([HZN](/g/horizon)), and Misha a cracker for Drink or Die and United Cracking Force ([UCF](/g/united-cracking-force)).

[Issue 4](/f/a178c) opens with a cute Commodore C64 Basic loading screen. T800 talks about the return of [The Dream Team](/g/the-dream-team) and Orion leader of [PWA](/g/pirates-with-attitudes) is interviewed about the recent merge with [The Corp](/g/the-corporation).

[Issue 5](/f/a2768) has an interview with [mentat] on the IRC channel `#m8leech` which was briefly, way to share warez over a chat network. 

[Issue 6](/f/a36c4) has Mike & Dave of the [DropZone BBS](https://demozoo.org/bbs/3226/) in the Netherlands talk about the local BBS Scene and the future of BBSing. Flexor of [Phobia](https://demozoo.org/groups/120366/) talks about the difficulties of being accepted into the artscene. Pest of [Class](/g/class) pens "Whats Wrong with the Scene". Dizzi is interviewed on the Dutch group [The Cradle Traders](/g/the-cradle-traders). And there's a writeup by Univerz on his [Instinct](https://demozoo.org/groups/952/) BBS software.

[Issue 7](/f/a46a0) interviews Deth1666 (formerly Deathmaster) who was originally from the Commodore 64 importing group [FBR](https://demozoo.org/groups/7446/). He says, "Then FBR moved our operationgs to the IBM, and poof [THG](/g/the-humble-guys) was formed", he is probably referring to Candyman and the board [Candyland](https://demozoo.org/bbs/1470/). He also casually drops about going to prison between 1989-1993 for hacking and credit card fraud. He also mirrors the commentary of other former The Humble Guys members, "I saw a real opportunity to kick some ass on the IBM. Man the groups were lame as shit, no organization. [The Firm](/g/the-firm), [INC](/g/international-network-of-crackers), neither were very fast. So.. anyways our first week we released like 30 apps and games"[^1]

There are also interviews with WinterHawk of [Masque](/g/masque) and Stealth, and The Midnight Grave Digger (MGD).

[Issue 8](/f/9c23e) sees interviews with Druggy founder of [The Cartel](/g/the-cartel), Anti-D head of [fATE](/g/fast-action-trading-elite), Violator of [Demolition](/g/demolition), and Pest supplier for Razor 1911. 

Plus a long, but incomplete interview with The Renegade Chemist who goes deep on his scene history and how he ended up in [Razor 1911](/g/razor-1911) and then quitting. "Razor put out a few games from a friend that worked at (ed: a major videogame retailer) Babbage's. But then out of the blue, Razor 1911 shut down and some of the members joined INC." "I got ahold of Brian (ed: Zodact) and begged him to reconsider, and after a couple of weeks the Razor crew left [INC](/g/international-network-of-crackers) and that was when I became a member."

[Issue 9](/f/9d59a) from July 1996 is the final issue. Piston is interviewed about the [faked release of Quake](/f/aa28540) released by [ROR](/g/release-on-rampage). "So we made a connetion at ID software... We were expecting to get Quake from them, but the other day some (ed: a different) supplier came along claiming he had Quake final[^2]. So tklp downloded it and tested it out. He found it had all the levels. BUT it was NOT the final release. So he... gave it to a cracker to clean it up, take out every thing that says 'beta'".

A new Defacto would at the start of 1997 in the form of an occasional text magazine, with a name that [maybe](/history) familar, [**Defacto2**](/g/defacto2).

[^1]: The rediscovered BBS tape backups suggest that THG saw 7 games released in the first week, and 10 total in the first month.
[^2]: The 'final' at the time often meant the gold master, a copy of the CD that would go to the factory for disc duplication.