The **Hybrid Christmas Magazine** was an unusual but much anticipated magazine by one of the top game release groups of the Scene during the mid-1990s, Hybrid. Released on Christmas eve 1996, it ended up being a little underwhelming. Mostly due to the use of Windows, which at the time was new to program and uncommon on the Scene. While targeted for Windows 95, the magazine does operate on Windows 2000, but will not work on contemporary Windows. 

The code and design was by Mad Turnip, however there is no credited editor. But the editorial writes, "The main reason we've bought this mag out is to 'pad out' the World Charts". The magazine opens as a humor publication with an intro that memes the then popular conspiratorial TV drama "[The X Files](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0106179/)" before opening into a more traditional Santa main menu theme.

There are brief annual reviews for the major game groups of 1996, an advert for `www.anthrox.com`, a small cracking tutorial, there's a humor section called Mag Shots with images that are not safe for work, and a surprising number of interviews including: CyberPhreak, Shadow Master, AOL Plonker, The Punisher, Mad Turnip.

It is assumed this magazine was intended to have an annual release, but it was never followed up.

##### The 1996 world charts

Most of the predictable results have been skipped as they often match the best group chart.

###### Best group

- 1. [Hybrid](/g/hybrid) (surprised?)
- 2. [Prestige](/g/prestige)
- 3. [Razor 1911](/g/razor-1911)
- 4. [Paradigm](/g/paradigm)
- 5. [Reflux](/g/reflux)

<br>
###### Best cracker

Beowulf, Mad Turnip, Wolverine, Holybeast, Misha, Johnny Cyper, Grudge, Lost Soul, Animal & Dog Friend, and Phoenix of LTD.

###### Best supplier

Mad Turnip, Zeus, Shadow Master, Parrade, Animal & Dog Friend, The Punisher, Prozac, TSR, CyberPhreak, and TRC

###### Best game

- Command & Conquer : Red Alert
- Quake
- Duke Nukem 3D
- ~~T.Raiders~~ (Tomb Raider?)
- NHL 97

<br>
###### Invite only

"Should the scene related channels, go to `+i` - to protect from unwelcomed guests?"

- NO at 65%
- YES at 35%