**SCD** started out as **Southern California Distribution** as a regional distribution network. As such, in November 1990 they published a newsletter for DOS known as **The SCD Report** to inform the pirate community. Over a span of two years, 14 issues of The SCD Report were published and the magazine was well received. However, December 1992 saw some changes, with not only seeing a rewrite of the magazine application, user interface and a re-branding to **Software Chronicles Digest**, but also it became the final issue.

The magazine editor was Atz, system operator for [Infinite Illumination](https://demozoo.org/bbs/6249/) in Orange County, California.

Some article highlights include:

- Two retrospective articles in [issue 3](/f/a04b7), covering both the BBS scene and the top games of 1990.
- [Issue 5](/f/a278f) would introduce [The Byter](/p/the-byter)'s Ware Report and game reviews.
- Famous trainer maker [Rescue Raider](/p/rescue-raider) writes an autobiography in [issue 6](/f/a376b) and a three-part MS-DOS game cheat tutorial in [issue 7](/f/a46c7).
- Also in issue 6 is an extensive review of the PC, BBS system software available in early 1991. Reviewed are: ACS, AfterShock, Celerity, Emulex/2, Havok, L.S.D., Magnum, Silicosis, TCS, U.S.S.R., Velocity, ViSiON. Plus Elite, Revolution, TAG, Telegard, WWIV, Genesis Deluxe, Maximus/Opus, PCBoard, RBBS-PC, Spitfire, Wildcat!, Carnage, Chaos, and Keeper.
- [Issue 8](/f/a56a3) has Atz talking about "Documentary Groups", groups that release game documentation and pirate emags. Mentioned groups are TPS, PreVueS, Spectrum, Humble-DoX, VD, CPM, Illuminatus, and JRM.
- Issue 8 also has a 4-part report on BBS networks, including CelerityNet, KeepNet, LSD Net, MagnumNet, SilicosisNet, VelocityNet, and finally the ViSiON networks: VizNet, FelonyNet, (iMAGE) iMAGΣ Net.
- [Issue 9](/f/9d239) has an article about the **CAE** BBS system created by The Byter, that operated more like a "leech" FTP site than a traditional BBS. There is also a review of the Velocity BBS software with a list of 20+ elite boards running on it.
- [Issue 10](/f/9e595) has a review of the **TCSNet** elite BBS network. And a history of [Relentless Pursuit of Magnificence](/g/relentless-pursuit-of-magnificence) (RPM) by The Road Warriror. 
- [Issue 11](/f/9f571) reviews two new BBS software packages, Apocalypse and Extreme. And the article "THG and USA" tells about the downfall of [The Humble Guys](/g/the-humble-guys) and the rise of rivals [USA](/g/united-software-association*fairlight). Unfortunately, a new, ALL CAPS TEXT INTERFACE THAT WAS POPULAR AT THE TIME is used.
- [Issue 12](/f/a04ed) has The Eel writing about the the ANSI wars, between the artgroups [ACiD](/g/acid-productions), [iCE](/g/insane-creators-enterprise), and [RPM](/g/relentless-pursuit-of-magnificence). And an interview with Atz, the founder of the magazine.
- [Issue 13](/f/a1449) reviews the updated Apocalypse (APX) BBS software. The Eel writes about the heated competition with groups, including the brief merger of [Razor 1911](/g/razor-1911) + [INC](/g/international-network-of-crackers), the merging of iCE and RPM into ACiD, the subsequent rise of **iCE:TNO**.
- [Issue 14](/f/a2425) has The Byter writes his final Ware Report. There is commentary on the retirement of [The Humble Guys](/g/the-humble-guys) founder [Fabulous Furlough](/p/fabulous-furlough) and numerous articles on the famous bust of The NotSoHumble Babe with The Grim Reaper. 
- [Issue 15](/f/a3781) offers a new interface and it is the final issue, released almost a year after #14 and lacks any substantial content about the Scene.