According to Fabulous Furlough's [retirement letter](/f/b144a1), The Humble Guys were founded on the 22 January 1990.

The Humble Guys had a bit of a reputation, partly because they were [outspoken](/f/a93245), and were happy to give [interviews](https://wayback.defacto2.net/the-scene-news-from-1999-september-14/interview-002.html) or write down their thoughts. If you believe what is sometimes said[^1], there was virtually no PC Scene until they came around and revolutionized the platform using their hard earned experience from the competitive Commodore Scenes. Personally, I think this view is over sensationalized, and the Scene on the PC was [well established](/files/intro) long before THG appeared. Rather, PC Sceners in the 1980s were possibly older, more relaxed, and had other software interests, not just the games. 

But in saying that, The Humble Guys really ramped up the release schedule for PC games and made it a more aggressive and competitive community, for good or ill. [Coolhand](https://wayback.defacto2.net/scenelink-from-1998-june-25/features/issue/5/ch.html) of [INC](/g/international-network-of-crackers) spoke of this, "THG claimed to revolutionize the IBM scene and I will give it to them they did... before them everything came from the stores and they began to buy with cash then we red labeled... so money got involved and it took a treasury of about 3000 (ed: $USD) a month to stay on top"

Many would argue The Humble Guys were the major force throughout 1990 and much of 1991. But became a shell of themselves after a number of people left to form [United Software Association](/g/united-software-association*fairlight) (USA) in September 1991. And again later, after more people quit the scene due to the [late January 1992 public arrests](/f/ab232ca) of two notable personalities.

We believe **THG is the origin of the `.NFO`** file extension[^3] with the minimal textfile `KNIGHTS.NFO` found in the release of [Knights of Legend](/f/ab3945) from the 23rd of January 1990. Knights of Legend from Origin Systems was most probably the first uploaded THG release[^2], but required [a fix](/f/b02d22e) due to [an installation quirk](/f/b228b1a) and today is mostly forgotten. Two weeks later, [Bubble Bobble](/f/ab1eca6) was uploaded, and the included `BUBBLE.NFO` textfile had become bloated, with additional group greets, a "big yahoo", multiple board listings, a Nashville voicemail phone number and PO BOX.

A [HMS Bounty](/g/hms-bounty-bbs), 1991 BBS backup had these initial uploads for The Humble Guys. However, these listings from 1990 were before the era of same-day ("0 day") uploads and the dates don't always reflect the actual date of release.

```
KNIGHTS0.ZIP 289790 01/25/90 Knights of Legend - Fabulous Furlough's new group - The Humble Guys - 1 of 6
WHTEDTH1.ZIP 128461 01/25/90 White Death - The Humble Guys - 1 of 2
STUNT1.ZIP   268403 01/25/90 Stunt Track Racer - 1 of 2
KOLNSTAL.ZIP    458 01/27/90 Knights of Legend install info -needed
TRUMPS1.ZIP  163611 01/30/90 Trumps Castle - The Humble Guys - 1 of 2
DEJAEGA1.ZIP 173387 01/30/90 Deja Vu II - The Humble Guys - 1 of 2
AJAX1.ZIP    209468 02/01/90 Ajax from The Humble Guys | Uploaded by: Sysop
TERRNHG1.ZIP 166340 02/03/90 Terrain Editor for Sim City from The Humble Guys - 1 of 2 | Uploaded by: Sysop
BUBBLE1.ZIP  262079 02/08/90 Bubble Bobble - The Humble Guys - 1/2
BUBBLCHT.ZIP  42996 02/11/90 Bubble Bobble cheat | Uploaded by: Grebo Guru
CRMEWAV1.ZIP 618772 02/20/90 CRIME WAVE - The Humble Guys - 1 of 4 | cracked
                             2/20/90 by Fabulous Furlough. | Check here on
                             the Bounty for ALL cracks and | releases from
                             The Humble Guys
1989STAT.ZIP  82212 02/23/90 1989 Stats for Earl Weaver - The Humble Guys! | Uploaded by: Fabulous Furlough
```



[^1]: For example, The Candy Man [claimed](https://wayback.defacto2.net/the-scene-news-from-1999-september-14/interview-002.html) in 1998, "Fab started showing me around on the 'elite' scene on the IBM, it was so lame we kept thinking there must be a "REAL" elite scene somewhere else, and we were just to lame to find it. We didnt imagine that what we saw was the ELITE of the day."

[^2]: The file last modification dates of the Knights of Legend, both of the [packaged](/f/ab3945) archive and files within such as `KNIGHTS.NFO` suggest it was the first THG release. Two separate 1990 backups, one from HMS Bounty and the other from The Warez House BBS share these modification dates. The upload message "Knights of Legend - Fabulous Furlough's new group - The Humble Guys" also gives credence.

[^3]: Initially `.NFO` was not adopted by other groups, probably because most major PC groups had their own unique textfile names for releases. The Firm used `INFOFIRM`, Public Enemy had `FILEINFO.TXT`, INC with `INFO.INC`, and many simply used `READ.ME`. SPI [probably started](/f/b31f36a) the unique extension trend with their `[GAME].SPI` and `[GAME].REQ` file extensions in their mid-1986 releases. The first examples of other groups using the `.NFO` extension are from June and July 1990, [`POWR.NFO`](/f/b51ee26), [`DREAD.NFO`](/f/ad255ea), [`BORODINO.NFO`](/f/b02b228), and even a one-off, INC [`INGRINC.NFO`](/f/b52bcf6). However, it didn't really pickup until late-1991 after arch-rivals [USA adopted it](/f/ac27bd8).