**Anemia**, the magazine was a publication in 1997 originally from Australia but that covered the international Scene. It is not to be confused with the artgroups of the same name. Magazine issues were edited by founder Korn with Feral and it's programmed by Hooptie and StinkFist. Hooptie was previously involved with [Dreadloc](/g/dreadloc) and [Higher Metal Plane](/g/higher-mental-plane).

Issue 1 from January 1997 has an interview with Eclipse Interactive ([EPI](/g/eclipse-interactive)) founder Rare.

Issue 2 has an extensive biography on The Keyboard Caper ([tKC](https://demozoo.org/sceners/76371/)) of the [Phrozen Crew](/g/phrozen-crew). Also interviewed Charley where she talks on the merger of [Cellblock 4](/g/cellblock-4) to [Rebels](/g/rebels) and Muss 'n Rantnrave of [New Vision Couriers](/g/new-vision-couriers).

Issue 3 sees a new code base for the magazine and there is an interview with Seber, former Compress Da' Audio member.

Issue 4 opens with a cartoon not-safe-for-work screen. There's extensive coverage of Operation CyberStrike that took out a large number of boards in the USA by the FBI. There's interviews with Prozac and Shadow Master about the downfall of their group [Prestige](/g/prestige). Perish talks about Sodom plus Rapier and Half Back also talks on Rapier. Caserd the co-leader of [Amnesia](/g/amnesia) and [Razor 1911](/g/razor-1911) courier. And Swamper a BBS courier for Amnesia, [Drink or Die](/g/drink-or-die), and Prestige talks of the FBI raids.

Issue 5 has an interesting article, "Warez? Why do we do it" by Stowaway, who went around asking Sceners that very question. There also a lot of interviews, we have Jimmy Jamez, Fear of [Rapier](/g/rapier), BlasterMan, Vortexia, Juice from [Motiv8](/g/motiv8), Rabid of Syndicate, Thumb about the merger of Sed with Adrenalin into Illusion. Haxagon on Paralise.

Issue 6 is the final issue and interviews Trite of Amnesia and [PWA](/g/pirates-with-attitudes), JohnAstig Heritage leader, and former artist LanKrypt. There's a new series called "Head to Head" which has RazorSharp interview the four main groups of the time, Tai_Pan of [Reflux](/g/reflux), The Punisher of Razor 1911 plus Drink or Die, Hoson leader of [Hybrid](/g/hybrid), and an anonymous member of [Class](/g/class). There's also a cover story on the fall of Rapier. 