**Just The Facts** (JTF) was a newsletter that scored the game releases of the previous month. It started as text only publication, but relaunched with a "JTF reader" written for Windows 95 and programmed by [aTm](/p/atm). These issues often suffer from a "SHRINKER.ERR" on operating systems that are not Windows 95-98, [but can be fixed](https://github.com/Defacto2/defacto2.net/wiki/Troubleshoot-shrinker.err).

The first issue of 1998 introduces itself, "Welcome to the totally revamped Just The Facts, completely new and improved for 1998. Our goal is to provide the largest amount of information possible about the games released each month and the controversy surrounding them while still keeping an unbiased opinion. Thanks to Bad Spirit of ACiD for all the ASCII art.

For a brief time each issue would also have comprehensive Scene news coverage for the month and interestingly, were quite happy to promote other publications, such as The Review Guild, `www.scenelink.org`, `www.game-over.net`. Besides the chart there were also commentary of each scored Scene release. And issue 2 from 1998 onwards, included game NFOs for each scored release.

Issue 5 introduced a new code base and requires an installer. It doesn't work correctly on newer Windows but the package can be extracted using WinAce. Issue 7's reader again had a new layout and also offers textfiles.

The finally results for 1998 were:

###### Scores
- 1. Class scoring 1002 with 149 releases
- 2. Paradigm scoring 511 with 76 releases
- 3. Razor 1911 scoring 413 with 62 releases
- 4. Divine scoring 198 with 33 releases
- 5. Origin with 125 with 33 releases
- 6. Reflux with 45 with 13 releases
- 7. Backlash with 64 with 10 releases
- 8. Hybrid with 60 with 9 releases
- 9. Genocide with 4 with 1 releases

<br>
###### Fixes required
- 1. Razor 1911 with 9
- 2. Class with 8
- 3. Paradigm with 8
- 4. Divine with 4
- 5. Origin with 4
- 6. Backlash with 2
- 7. Divine with 2
- 8. Genocide with 1
- 9. Hybrid with 1