There are a few iterations of the brand Vengeance, with the first couple being from the mid-1990s and the more impactful ones from a decade later in the mid-2000s.

#### VEN

Vengeance uses the VEN abbreviation. It started out in 1994 as an early CD release group founded in late 1994 from the merger of [Outlaws Exchange](/g/outlaws-exchange) and the short-lived [Spirit of Illusion](/g/spirit-of-illusion). 
Soon after, they switched to an application group at the start of 1995. The famous board, [The Digital Underground](/g/digital-underground-bbs), became its World HQ in January 1995, and they listed the affiliation as "vengeance whq usa utils"; however, this affiliation didn't last long, and it is uncertain if the group ended at that time.

#### VGN

The second iteration of Vengeance came about in 2004, and given the different abbreviation of VGN, is probably unrelated to the group of the 1990s. This 2000s Vengeance specialized in cracking difficult Windows copy-protection schemes such as SecuROM, Safedisc, and StarForce. But they are also credited with creating the first crack emulator for Valve's Steam distribution, which is covered in the [Emporio group page](/g/emporio).

It is mentioned in their June 2004 release of Mashed that Vengeance had some close links to [Myth](/g/myth) and [Deviance](/g/deviance). At the time, they stated that they had permission to use any cracking and packing tool developed by both groups and that it was granted by both the "original founding leader and recent leaders of DEViANCE and also MYTH." Though, [this text by Reloaded](/f/ae3ce2) begs to differ.

Their biggest release of this time was probably in November with [Half Life 2](/f/b24c10), which came out in [multiple iterations](/f/a126f6). But reading on the release, it was clearly a bodge job given the ridiculously long installation instructions included in the release text files, and shows how difficult this process was.

