**LTD**, £td, or Licensed To Draw looks to be founded in early 1992 and released until September.
[A member list](/f/ab23212) dated on the 4th of April lists Shihear Kallizad as the leader,
and after the group membership moved elsewhere, an [informal art park](/f/af246ce) was released.
Many of the members merged into Mirage, while others unhappy with the change formed a new group, [Legacy](/g/legacy). According to the [`MIRAGE03.NFO`](/f/b1375b), "Mirage Designs merged with License to Draw on 5th September 1992, an ANSI\VGA group out of Georgia state."

In an article titled _Introduction to Future Group Help Column_, penned by Shihear and also the editor of Paradigm [issue 2](/f/b02439a), goes deep into the founding.

- 1. __Ansi Maniacs__ was a group created by Cool T and centered on [WWIVNet](https://bbs.fandom.com/wiki/WWIVnet).
- 2. __Elite ANSi Art Designers__ (EAAD) was also on the same BBS network.
- 3. Both groups were home to many people who would later become ANSI scene personalities.
- 4. Shihear claims he managed to take over the management of both groups,
and not liking either groups' name, merged them into __DREAM__, _Dedicated, Reliable, Experienced, ANSi Maniacs_, however later, the word "Maniacs" was swapped for "Makers".
- 5. Between September 1991 and April 1992, DREAM "were the undisputed masters of organized ANSI production, on WWiVNet."
- 6. Shihear claims that in April 1992 [^1] they decided to change the name to **License To Draw**, because people on WWiVNet were confusing DREAM with [The Dream Team](/g/the-dream-team).
- 7. "It was around the time [iCE](/g/insane-creators-enterprise) and [GRiM](/g/graphics-rendered-in-magnificence) merged that we ended up merging with [MiRAGE](/g/mirage) 
(which led to the creation of a group called [Legacy](/g/legacy) from those who were not happy with the whole deal)."
- 8. Later on, around the time MiRAGE was falling apart, [Tempus Thales](https://demozoo.org/sceners/40163/) made a gracious offer to merge MiRAGE into ICE, a fruitful union that would be celebrated as _The iCE Age_.

<br>
In Illustrator [issue 1](/f/a45db) from November, it was announced that on the 5th September 1992, LTD had merged with Mirage, and the Licensed To Draw brand is no more.

---

In the second half of 1993, a new iteration of LTD returned to the art scene under new leadership and members. A [member listing](/f/af1a0a0) from October shows the group lead by No Carrier and Boardmaster, nine ANSI artists, four VGA artists, and five programmers.

No Carrier of [Iridium](/g/iridium-magazine) wrote in the first "[/┤NSi Pack of 1993](/f/b32ab25)", "As many of you may or may not know, LTD was an ANSi group quite a while ago, and no longer exists today. We have always held the highest respect for the old group, and we now represent the new generation of LTD."

The follow up, final [December art pack](/f/b228215) sees No Carrier retiring, "I'm resigning as President of LTD because of a lack of time/patience", "I'll hold the group together as best I can till someone else can take over". He goes on the mention a novel restructure for the group, "There will be NO member list", "There will be NO official distribution sites".

[^1]: This date might be misremembered, as there are multiple art works from January, February, and March that use "LTD", including a [LTD logo by Shihear](/f/a922dc2) from 25th February that contains _Licensed To Draw_ and the credit, _\[2-92\] Shihear Kallizad \[LTD\]_.
