**Insane Creators Enterprise** (iCE) Insane Creators Enterprise was a famous VGA and ANSI art group founded by Frozen Tormentor in January 1991. 

In a later interview for [Not! issue 4](/f/ae2ef4a), Frozen Tormentor confirms the founding month of January, but stated he and co-founder The Sorcerer originally wanted to start a PC cracking group, but neither of them could crack or supply. Instead, while they were creating art for their new group, "**Insane Crackers Eruption**", they decided to switch to "do some art groups, since that is where we had some talent". Frozen Tormentor would draw ANSI, and The Sorcerer worked on VGA pixel art.

In the interview, Frozen Tormentor also claims they were the first group to ever draw and build VGA loaders for bulletin board systems. And that they were the first to develop a method to convert Deluxe Paint `.LBM` image files into self-displaying PC applications. However, when asked, he claims the early turning point for iCE was after the remaining members of [Aces of ANSI Art](/g/aces-of-ansi-art), such as Slam Dunk and Mondoman, joined. But it sounds likely that Frozen Tormentor suffered from burnout, after selling his modem and exiting the scene in mid-1991. An [article](/f/a3436), 'What's up with iCE?' from October, sees the vice president, Black Spyrit, taking over the operations of the group.

A different article by Force Ten found in [Insanity 3](/f/a4792) from December talks about a controversy in the later return of Frozen Tormentor. It is claimed he could not get back control of iCE, so he teamed up with Grimm, the vice president of rivals, [ACiD](/g/acid-productions), and they would form a new group that they'd both lead, named **[The New Order](/f/b31ebfa)**. Accordingly, there was a big drama to fill the group's ranks, involving lies and an attempt to steal members from both ACiD and iCE. As a consequence, and worried about the "threat" from **TNO**, Black Spyrit, the leader of iCE, spoke to Rad Man, the leader of ACiD, and they agreed to merge iCE into ACiD. The new membership, combined with the November 1991 merger of the art group [RPM](/g/relentless-pursuit-of-magnificence), caused ACiD to rename itself to **ACiD Productions**.

Back to that interview for Not! #4, Frozen Tormentor talks in depth about this situation, and it gets quite personal with the people involved. But he does say that Grimm was becoming disillusioned with ACiD and the leadership, and that's why he decided to cooperate and form The New Order.

Not all members of iCE joined the merger with ACiD, and the name continued. And by December, it was reported that The New Order and iCE had teamed up to become known as **iCE:TNO**. This branding continued until sometime in 1992, when Frozen Tormentor again quit the scene, and The New Order brand was presumably retired. It is mentioned in an [iCEPack](/g/icepack) that, "Tempus has given 110% to iCE since he and Lord Mischief, along with The Unforgiven, reformed iCE in mid-1992." And in August 1992, the group released their [first monthly art pack](/f/b129e98), _The iCE Pack_, months after their rivals, ACiD Productions, who released the first monthly pack in April.

- Insane Crackers Eruption is proposed
- Insane Creators Enterprise is founded in January 1991
- The New Order is founded in October(?)
- iCE led by Black Spyrit, RPM, and ANSi Creators in Demand join to become ACiD Productions in November 1991
- "\[iCE/TNO\]" affiliations are out in the wild, [7th](/f/b32936b) & [13th](/f/b124a12) December 1991
- "The New Order" and "TNO" are [last used](/f/b21e782) in April 1992
- The "iCE" branding [returns](/f/b4235a2) in early April 1992
- August 1992 sees the artists experiment with the branding:
- - [iCE Productions](/f/b42b8d0) - [iCE Creations](/f/ae29fe4) - [iCE(tm) Advertisements](/f/a91ffcc) - [iCE(tm) Advertisements Inc.](/f/af2e9ac) - [Insane Creators Enterprise](/f/a71ae2c)
- September 1992, most have settled on using "iCE", "iCE Advertisements", and "iCEPACK"

<br>
Besides, a couple of mergers with rivals ACiD Productions, over its lifetime, ICE saw several group mergers and offshoots: 
<br>
The publication of the "elite" and art scene magazine, [Insanity](/g/insanity).
The monthly [iCEPacks](/g/icepack) that included ANSI, VGA art, music and literature.
The formation of iCE Europe by the former members of [CORP](/g/creators-of-revolutionary-pictures).
The founding of [Valiant](/g/valiant) by former iCE members.
The absorption of the [The Phoney Coders](/g/the-phoney-coders).
The absorption of [The Humble Guy](/g/the-humble-guys)'s programming division, [THG F/X](/g/thg-fx).
The formation of [Gothic](/g/gothic) after a number of Canadian members left to do their own thing.
And the introduction of iCE Trial that would become [SKiLL](/g/skill)/iCE Trial.
