The iCEPACK was a monthly curation of digital art releases bundled, packaged, and distributed online by Insane Creators Enterprise, later known as iCE Advertisements.

The [first pack](f/b129e98), named iCE August Pack, went public in early September 1993, with our records showing an upload to some "elite" boards occurring on the 9th. In it, they opened with, "The iCE Pack is a monthly release from iCE Advertisements that showcases all of the artwork that has been produced in the previous month."

The [second pack](/f/b027988) is renamed to **iCEPACK**, and they revived the introduction to acknowledge Acid Productions: "The iCEPACK is a monthly release from iCE(tm) Advertisements, similar to that of ACiD(tm) Productions, which showcases all of the artwork that has been produced and released by iCE in the previous month." The package also marks the beginning of a trend in statistics, with 50 pieces being ANSI art and 3 being VGA screens.

The [fourth pack](/f/b22c7a8), "The iCEPACK - November Issue," introduces a readme and introduction NFO that is updated each issue. The first, written by Tempus Thales, is somewhat rambling.

The [December 1992 pack](/f/b32ecb8) marks the introduction of music `.MOD` files and the use of `.GIF` images for hi-resolution VGA art. They also call out artists who specialise in "Amiga VGA artists", but the idea gets dropped the next month.

The [February 1993 pack](/f/a71fe28) announces the formation of **iCE Europe**, comprising ANSI artists formerly of **[Creators of Revolutionary Pictures](/g/creators-of-revolutionary-pictures)** who were based in Finland, and the board [Baudville](/g/baudville-bbs) becomes the iCE European HQ.

The [March 1993](/f/b72e56b) "What's new" discusses the European ANSI artists trend of using 50-line mode, which they call "squished mode" and "\[Euro\] ansi's".

[April 1993](/f/b62bc5b), talks of a couple of members leaving to create a new group named **[Valiant](/g/valiant)**. There's also the hyping up of **iCE·VGA** and its recent history. It's mentioned that the members of **[The Phoney Coders](/g/the-phoney-coders)** had recently joined iCE, and not long afterwards, **[THG/FX](/g/thg-fx)** also merged into the group. There's also talk of an iCE Magazine.

Finally, it is announced that Tempus Thales is leaving the group, so he can focus on creating art rather than management. They mention, "Tempus has given 110% to iCE since he and Lord Mischief, along with The Unforgiven, reformed iCE in mid-1992." Tempus would not stay gone for very long.

The text for [June 1993](/f/b426ebb) announces Midnight Sorrow's retirement and the taking down of his board, [Infinite Darkness](/g/infinite-darkness-bbs). The board was the primary host of both [CyberCrime Int](/g/cybercrime-international-network) and [The Crime Syndicate](/g/crime-syndicate-net) messaging networks and the US HQ for iCE.

[July 1993](/f/b3249ab) saw an expansion to the Internet, with iCE member, Metal Head, who could be reached via email or on IRC. There was also an FTP site at the University of Wisconsin - Parkside, `ftp.uwp.edu`, in the directory `/pub/msdos/demos/incoming`.

[September 1993](/f/b11fb8b) includes "`[ICECOLOR.ZIP](/f/b11fb8b)`" within the package. "Great news here for all the ansi artists around.  And possibly a  revolution for ANSi in general!" "will let you use the high intensity colors (8-15) as background colors.  This CAN be used with TheDraw to draw ansi's like this."

There is also the introduction of the **iCE Network**, named **iCN** or the **[Insanity Corporate Network](/g/insanity-corporate-network)**, a replacement messaging network for the group after the loss of CyberCrime.

In [November 1993](/f/af1adeb), five former ANSI artists from Canada left the group to form "Gotic" (**[Gothic](/g/gothic)**). There was also a re-release of this package as the original shared online was infected with a "harmless" S-MPC, Phalcolm/Skism Mass-Production Virus.

[December 1993](/f/b730603) saw the creation of a new spinoff group named "**SKiLL/iCE Trial**", which was to replace the former "iCE Trail" tag usage. However, it proved unpopular and was discontinued the following month. "Everyone felt that it was too much of a separate group, so now the SKiLL name is gone".

[February 1994](/f/b02e93f) sees the **iCE Euro** division parting to reform their former group [Corp](/g/creators-of-revolutionary-pictures).

The **iCE Trial** was permanently retired in [April 1994](/f/ae29b1f), being replaced with a "US" tag that allows iCE artists to apply finishes to artworks by new aspiring members.

[June 1994](/f/ac24d7f) sees the dissolution of the **iCE Literature Division**.

The [August 1994 art pack](/f/aa1ff5f) receives a one-off theme, "phunk pack". There is also the release of the iCE Musicdisk, "[Epidemic](https://demozoo.org/productions/96361/)", and the mentioning of warez scener, "[CybeR ChrisT](/p/cyberchrist)", rebranding himself to "Toon Goon".

[January 1995](/f/ad25157), written by Syntax Error, who writes that he has joined the team behind the [HORNET demo site](https://hornet.org/), which will begin offering iCE Packs in the FTP directory, `pub/msdos/demos/ansi`. They also have an FTP site offering older artpacks at `ftp://freedom.wit.com`, and you could use the long forgotten finger protocol, `finger ice@freedom.wit.com`, to obtain the latest iCE news and information.
