**Paradigm** began its life under the title **Zeus**, self-named after the famous game supplier who had in the past been tied to [Razor 1911](/g/razor-1911) and his friend, The Renegade Chemist. It started small with just four members: Crackpot, John Lennon, White Knight, and Zeus. The group name was intended as a joke that fast became [stale](/f/a64314), "Over the next week or so, ZEUS will no longer have the same name as me. It was meant to be funny...and it was, but it's no name for a group."

The group's first release, [SimCopter](/f/b427e9c), on the 8th October 1995, would turn out to be a flop, both for the developer Maxis and the group. With Zeus, (the person) later [writing](/f/a64314), _It's so much easier to ignore problems with previous games, but we refuse to do so. SimCopter has bugs in it, no question. I always said "if it looks like beta, smells like beta, plays like beta..." I should have checked this one out further, but I didn't, and now everyone seems to have it. It has nothing to do with the rip (since it was only the radio), but the game itself._

The "**rip**" that Zeus mentions was a new form of release that groups were still getting the hang of. Instead of releasing the whole game, cracked and compressed as archives of individual floppy disks. Game publishers for the PC in 1994 and 1995 had controversially abandoned the medium and moved on to mandating games being exclusively sold on CD-ROM. For pirates, though, this was a conundrum, as many CD-ROM games were simply too large to share on BBSes and over the Internet. So they developed the technique of removing or ripping out parts of the game they deemed unnecessary to reduce its overall size. What was "unnecessary" was up for debate, with many pirated games of this era feeling incomplete, especially as a game's soundtrack, speech, and the cutscenes being prime targets for removal.

Less than two weeks after the release of SimCopter, the group Zeus renamed to Paradigm and remarked that it is pronounced pair-a-dime. Paradigm had expanded rapidly to almost 20 members by the time of their first [release](/f/a62c0c), the sports game FIFA 97. And there's a telling note with the state of PC gaming of the time, despite being over a year since the hyped release of Windows 95, Paradigm chose to only release the DOS version of the game. "There is a windows 95 version on the same cd...but who cares! If you play games, then you know DOS is best."

For its first couple of years, Paradigm would also be known for its more innovative cracktros. The group collaborated with the Finnish demogroup [Halcyon](https://demozoo.org/groups/125/) to design compact intros that were very contemporary, rather than the common crack-intros clichés inspired by the late 1980s Commodore microcomputers.

Over the years, the group's fortunes in the Scene would ebb and flow, sometimes due to inactivity, and even a failed merger with [Razor 1911](/g/razor-1911) in early 1997. And while they often got the top-tier game titles, like many rip groups of the era, it wasn't uncommon to see non-functional releases by the group due to rushed, untested games. The group and brand would be a mainstay for the Scene until February 2000, when it was announced in the [release](/f/ad49a8) of **Myth**'s Whitetail Extreme, "[MYTH](/g/myth) is the new star in the gaming heaven. We have been founded by members of the groups PARADiGM and [ORiGiN](/g/origin)."

<small>On a side note, Paradigm briefly [promoted](/f/af2b674) advertising in their NFOs, with ad rates starting at $250 USD per NFO file.</small>

Before the merger, the group would also release entire CD images of PC and PlayStation games under the names **Paradigm ISO**, and **PDMISO**. Our earliest archived [release](/f/b3202e0) dates to September 1998, but the term ISO is [mentioned](/f/b01b0e8) back in July, _PDMISO is looking for ISO sites._ This brand separation continued until March 1999 when it was announced <small>(PDMH0401.ZIP)</small> that PDMISO is no longer, _All ISO and PSX titles will now be done under the PARADiGM name. There was no sense in making a seperate name for the same group._

---

There was also an attempt at a Scene journal, **DOT Magazine**. The journal looks to be unreleased or lost, but there was a 19th January 1999 [announcement](/f/a3370a), _Paradigm have begun work on DOT Magazine, the first "real" disk magazine to hit the PC scene. Combining the powers of the online media, with those of the printed media, Dot Magazine will offer the scene a so far unrivaled present - to actually support the scene - not just report from it._ And an optimistic [update](/f/a82c40) in March, _DOT MAGAZINE is nearing a release date! We are looking for gifted reporters who can cover the PC ISO and RIP scene - aswell as reporters who knows the PSX and N64 scene in-depth. Contact dot\_mag@hotmail.com._

And this Dot magazine followed an [attempt](/f/a61d856) in 1997 to create a **PDM Christmas Magazine**. They were requesting VGA artists, programmers, and writers, which would suggest it was going to be a disk magazine for DOS. And finally, a [forgotten](/f/c030da4) artgroup named **DAC**, or the **Digital Art Community**, _The Digital Art Community (DAC) is recruiting! www.pdmworld.com/dac/ for more information, or #dac on efnet._

---

However, their novel ideas didn't end there, as in mid-October 1997 Paradigm [announced](/f/a8278f4) **a web competition** for contestants to design a Paradigm webpage. The winner would become the webmaster (maintainer) and an official member of the group. _There is a first for everything, and here at PDM, we are about to try a contest for the BEST Paradigm Web page!_ But just a few days later, they [upped](/f/a624f8c) the prizes to include full boxed copies of various PC games and some joystick peripherals. _We decided that since we're doing a contest that demands the best, we are going to do it PARADiGM style! As a result, we have increased the incentives for the winner of the contest._

The competition was heavily promoted in their releases, even after the competition ended. But there was never any formal announcement of the winners, at least in their NFO files. _NOTE: THIS CONTEST ENDS IN 7 DAYS!!! SUBMIT ENTRIES SOON!!!_ and, _The PDM Web Contest has officially ended.  Annoucements of the winners will be shortly._

Instead, there was a brief [news item](/f/bf2e494) on July 14, 1998, _The Webpage has gone online - expect more soon!_. The following day, the 15th, Sun Dancer and Burglar are [announced](/f/ac290a0) as joining the group, _Welcome to Sun Dancer and Burglar (no not that virus, dumbass!)_. Both individuals would be the operators of the official Paradigm web forum and site named The Underground, using a web address that is currently lost. These were likely the winners of web competition from the prior year. **The Underground** would be named as _**TU**_, listed as the _IHQ_, presumably the Internet HQ, and [use](/f/af2b674) an address with <small>www.XXX.XXX.com</small> to emphasize that it is a website.

<pre>
 ╒═══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╕
 │                              PARADIGM SITES                               │
 │───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────│
 │  ET                 WHQ                  XXX.XXX.XXX.XXX    ET Staff      │
 │  TU		       IHQ		    www.xxxxxxx.com    TU Staff      │
 └───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
</pre>

In an NFO for <small>(PDMFPA01.ZIP)</small> from 1st October 1998, Burglar and Sun Dancer would sign off as _TU Staff_ after writing, _TU has quickly established itself as a melting pot for scene spirit and thought. As the sysops of the place, we do however feel the need to point out that we pretty much condone freedom of speech. Ie. no users on TU will be removed unless we see signs of utter stupidity, lameness or extreme anti-racial comments._ And in an end of 1998 summary <small>(PDMCRM22.ZIP)</small>, Sun Dancer celebrated with _1998 brought the first web-based board, The Underground, and sceners from 1984 to present date were suddenly mixed on a forum natural to most sceners._ 

The Underground would continue throughout 1999, until a formal [announcement](/f/a622ad4) in December, _We would like to thank the users of The Underground, which unfortunately had to be closed down for security reasons. We would like to thank the users of our sites, and the siteops that run them. The internet is such a fascinating place. We are happy to be here._
