The game rip and cracking group **Class** could be described as an enduring and prolific brand that hammered out the releases, especially during their peaks.

The story of Class began with the members of **[Prestige](/g/prestige)** who were churning out releases for the lead-up to Christmas 1996, but who then abruptly stopped in early December. A month later, the first Class [release](/f/ae2f2ef) appeared on the 8th January 1997 for Acclaim's Battlemage. In his first text, Shadow Master briefly announce themselves, _A New Year, A New Group. What can we say?_ In addition to these former Prestige members, Class were joined by parties from [Razor 1911](/g/razor-1911) and [Hybrid](/g/hybrid).

The first release lists the 30 or so members; includes the five BBS headquarters, a bit of an outdated oddity for 1997; and curiously, includes two, likely paid adverts. One ad sells pirated CDs to both Europe and the US, and the other is for the UK demo and piracy group [Anthrox](https://demozoo.org/groups/1218/), which at this time was selling console copiers and other hardware on the website <small>www.anthrox.com</small>. And Shadow Master would [bring back](/f/ab24bf6) game documentation, something that was sorely lacking with modern releases of the time, but was once commonplace. _It's been years since people have done documentation for games on a regular basis. Though it remains to see if we can keep it up_. Future Class releases would embed the documentation within the game release, but this didn't last.

Established weeks before the first, multi-city sting named [Operation Cyber Strike](https://www.deseret.com/1997/1/29/19292206/software-pirates-beware-fbi-launches-a-cyber-strike/), Class was lucky to avoid any direct involvement. However, their former group Prestige wasn't as fortunate, with its leader Zion, and two of its three US bulletin boards being [raided](/f/ad3075) in the police operation. Not long after, Shadow Master, plus some other members were [forced](/f/b42477a) to take a "vacation from the scene".

The group was somewhat infamous for [trolling](/f/b32643a) and [ranting](/f/b64c79) at others, and frequently being absolutists for the rip release rules, that is, until it didn't suit them.

Grudge would write in the May 1997 [release]() of Enemy Nations, _I was terribly disappointed to learn today that the SPA has decided to increase the new limit to 75 disks... A 75 disk limit means that in every release, you will be downloading another 25 disks of unnecessary crap. At 28.8_ [dialup modem speed] _I've got better things to do with 3 hours._ Yet in this game release by Class, they remove the higher quality art, cutscenes, sound, music, and speech. Is that playable game? Surely game publishers must have preferred these newer incomplete cracked and ripped game releases, to those from a few years earlier, which were cracked complete games sourced from floppy disks.

In October 1998, Class would [rant](/f/ad3dbc) hard on some misunderstanding about how they did not approve of increasing the agreed-upon size of ripped games. <small>edited quote:</small> _As the current limit stands at 75 disks, we and every other group with any miniscule amount of stripping/cracking knowledge can achieve this ideal product. There are roughly 5-10% of games on the market that cannot be released below this limit. These are games that should either a) be bought or b) be downloaded complete in an ISO format._ Insisting themselves and other rip groups skip all oversized games. Only for Class to renege on those arguments the following month with a [release](/f/b64bfd) of Half-Life, _We are well aware of the packaged size of this game and that it is in violation of guideline #1 of the agreed-upon rules, but we recognize a major title when we see one and there is no better way to deliver a title of this stature than in its most complete form._

Over the lifespan, Class would meticulously document each game release and celebrate each one-hundredth anniversary release with a special NFO text that listed all the releases, so far. All up, there were 1,234 total releases, including the non-game [release](/f/a73076) "**The End (c) CLASS**" from 9th January 2004, which included a small "endtro" and a farewell text as well as a dated list of every game Class had released. They wrote, _and at the same time the scene has gotten smaller_, and _Rippable PC games just aren't the way of the future._ This could be read as, there was too much effort for not enough reward and audience.

- [001 releases](/f/ae2f2ef), 09 Jan 1997
- [100 releases](/f/b54785), 07 Jun 1997
- [200 releases](/f/b21d05c), 29 Nov 1997
- [300 releases](/f/b01988b), 08 Aug 1998
- [400 releases](/f/b23b5d), 16 Apr 1999
- [500 releases](/f/b33fb5), 08 Nov 1999
- [600 releases](/f/b13765), 05 May 2000
- [700 releases](/f/b0330d), 17 Nov 2000
- [1234 release](/f/a73076), 09 Jan 2004

<hr>
<p>Some other fun stuff can also be found</p>
- Top Rank mentions in the [release](/f/b428432) of Shadows Over Riva how the trilogy _begun so long ago_, which was only five years total for three CRPG games to release.<br>
- A bunch of mostly retired Sceners get a [shout](/f/b12323a) out, _Greets: FanFan La Tulipe, Randall Flagg, Dr. Insanity, Lord Blix, Zodact, Butcher, The French Mate, Lord Zombie, The Witch King, and all our other hot new contacts!_<br>
- Not a member, The Renegade Chemist [packages](/f/ae24aaa) the Class release of EA's Dungeon Master, _In case you're wondering, I've not joined Class_.<br>
- The Renegade Chemist also got his Scene blog regularly [shouted](/f/b72fae2) out, <small>_For the latest scene news check out falcon.laker.net/chemist it's updated daily._</small><br>
- Fallen Angel co-founder of Sneakers, and former member of Razor 1911 and The Dream Team [joins](/f/a9189da).<br>
- The [release](/f/ba26eac) of Wipeout XL lists several early-generation and incompatible 3D hardware sold by long-forgotten companies. _3DFX Card, 3D Labs Permedia, Videologic Power VR, Rendition Verite, Matrox Mystique, ATI 3D Rage/Expression._<br>
- In mid-1997 Class were [looking](/f/b041cc) for demos to promote that Scene but in an obnoxious way. _Second, we are looking for DEMO's (4k, 64k, even 4MB) with a CLASS theme. The DEMO Scene and our Scene used to be tightly knit. Today, you are lucky if anyone knows what the DEMO  Scene is. We would like to  change that_.<br>
- Ramblings of a Rufus really does [ramble](/f/ae2b3d), _I am tired of the EMail we receive... we DO NOT sell CDs so stop wasting our time_, but that is what happens when you advertise _CD ROMS AVAILABLE! For more information, including the complete list of compilations and titles available, drop us a line_ in the [releases](/f/a74321) from the previous year.
- Class ran a **CLASS Installer Design Contest** in 1999 while also [requesting](/f/9e2b36) cash donations, _please don't hesitate to contact us. The gift is quite small in comparison to the dividend. We extend this offer to every and anyone, from whichever country you hail._
