**Prestige** was a cracking group established on 23rd June 1994 on the Commodore **Amiga**, a somewhat late start on the nearly decade-old platform. But after over 60 releases, crackers Samir and Mok both decided to call it [quits](/f/ae2eb6d) in August 1995, leaving the group in limbo. Zion would [comment](/f/a62918) on his disappointment, "Samir and Mok! They were in Prestige Amiga. The organizer and the best cracker in the world, hands down. He retired at the prime of Prestige. We went on an 8-month dry spell and then decided to start up the PC division." Though that recollection seems wrong, as the final Prestige releases were in late July 1995, and the first Prestige PC release was in September.

**Prestige PC**'s first [release](/f/ad4164) was Pinball Illusions from Digital Illusions for floppy disks on the 25th September 1995. <em>Yes. We finally managed to set up a nice PC section. So from now on we try to get the best games also out on the PC. The first release we bring you is Pinball Illusions. Where PC crackers have problems, Amiga experience kicks in.</em> What's interesting is that their former star Amiga cracker Mok [works](/f/b34b3e) on it, though he is not very confident, nor is he a member of the PC group. <em>Well, I'm not a pc cracker so my knowledge about such things is a bit limited...I did the crack just to help my old group.</em> 

Of the six Prestige PC members, all were from the Amiga group.

- Deathknight, was Dutch, the coordinator, and the sysop of the European HQ, [World of Elite](/g/world-of-elite-bbs).
- Jabo, who is unknown, but was active on the Amiga.
- Jake, also from the Netherlands.
- The Chemist, likely a former Dutch sysop.
- Troll, was a British supplier.
- Zion, based in Ohio, was the sysop of [Zion's Hideout](/g/zions-hideout-bbs).

<br>
It is obvious they're lacking a cracker with their release of Unnecessary Roughness 96 being [released](/f/b32df49) ripped but uncracked, instead using FAKECD, a freeware tool to get the game running. Zion, who packed it, gets defensive, writing, "This is my first attempt at ripping so dont kill me if doesnt work. If you slag me for releasing it FUCK OFF!" However, this eventually changed in April 1996, with the [release](/f/b430459) of Virtual Pool, broken by Phoenix, who in the same release was also announced, <em>and a big welcome to Phoenix</em>. It is in April that we start seeing regular releases by Prestige PC and another major [announcement](/f/b22b6b9), <em>A big welcome to Shadow Master, our old mate from Legend!</em>. 

But the other side of the group's success would come in late May, announced in the release of Total Knockout, <em>although new, these dudes have certainly been around the block a few times so we know we'll only be better for having them aboard - Marauder, Randall Flagg, The Renegade Chemist, Hemp Hoodlum, Holy Beast, Excessive Knight, Iron Helix, Dray, Union Jack, and the God of Supply himself, ZEUS!</em> These individuals were formerly of [**Dynamix**](/g/dynamix) (DMX), who, a couple of weeks prior, had just [released](/f/a53624) the 1996 PC game of the year, Duke Nukem 3D. And before Dynamix, many were of [Eclipse](/g/eclipse) for floppy disk game releases and [Hybrid](/g/hybrid) for ripped games.

Prestige would become one of the top groups of 1996, even the top group, but the success wouldn't last. Supplier Zeus would disappear, only to return in October to form a group that became [Paradigm](/g/paradigm). And in December, Shadow Master would stop contributing to the group, only to appear in the New Year, leading a new group and brand, [**Class**](/g/class). With a membership of around 30 people, most of whom were formerly of Prestige in 1996, leaving many to refer to Class as the 1997 spiritual successor to Prestige PC.

However, surely the **end for Prestige** must come from the success of [Operation Cyber Strike](https://www.deseret.com/1997/1/29/19292206/software-pirates-beware-fbi-launches-a-cyber-strike/). A well-planned nationwide FBI sting operated out of San Fransico, which arrived out of the blue on 27 January 1997, [taking out](/f/ad3075) some major Scene bulletin boards. Two of the boards raided were associated with Prestige, Zion's Hideout, and Arch-Magi's [Tower of Sorcery](/g/tower-of-sorcery-bbs). Both boards were critical to the group's operations and would have been a treasure trove of information for federal investigators.

---

Some other fun stuff can also be found

- In October, Prestige claims a record for the **most PC games in a single month, 36**. The previous record for 24 releases was co-held by TDU-JAM!, Hybrid, and Prestige.
- In Age of Rifles, it is [mentioned](/f/b41d2c0) that Holy Beast has left to form [ROMLight](/g/romlight).<br>The group wouldn't last, however, the three leaders of the group would go on to later [reform](/f/ac2be5) Fairlight as an ISO group.
- Prestige would also briefly [return](/f/a22688) for a number of months at around the turn of the millennium, it too would be an ISO group.
- The Renegade Chemist [boasts](/g/a8354e) of stealing and releasing a supply intended for Hoson of [Hybrid](/g/hybrid).
- Grudge would often advertise (his?) websites offering game trainers, [first](/f/ac29c3c) <small>WWW.MONASH.EDU.AU/~REMAH1</small>, [later](/f/ab2c15) <small>yoyo.cc.monash.edu.au/~gergud</small>, and <small>www.gametrainer.com</small>.
- Prestige would [release](/f/ac300d) the <small>\*FINAL\*</small> of SimCopter, which was first [released](/f/b427e9c) by former member ZEUS under his own name.
- Prestige would [release](/f/b11a164) [Meridian 59](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Meridian_59), an early MMORPG. While the full-priced game was boxed and sold at retailers, it required an online account linked to a game serial number, something Prestige couldn't provide. When [questioned](/f/ab694), <em>Meridian 59 shouldn't have been released, it required a one-time serial number to play through the online service. The release was a pretty big mistake</em>.
- Shadow Master would praise a personal website by [Shark](https://csdb.dk/scener/?id=1024) documenting his Commodore 64 group <a href=\"https://csdb.dk/group/?id=1531\">International Network of Chaos</a> (INC). The website at <small>www.dhp.com/~shark/inc64</small> is long gone, however an incomplete, broken [archive](https://web.archive.org/web/19981207000845/http://users.dhp.com/%7Eshark/inc64/) exists. SM would write, "Without a doubt this is the most superb, in-depth, and well done chronicle of scene history that has ever existed."
- Towards the end, Prestige would become [bloated](/f/ba2f460), both with membership and release advertising.
  - <small>SO, YOU WANNA BE A PRESTIGE COURIER, HUH?</small>
  - <small>SO, YOU WANNA BE A PRESTIGE MEMBER, HUH?</small>
  - <small>SO, YOU WANNA BE A PRESTIGE DIST SITE, HUH?</small>
  - <small>CONTACTING THE PRESTIGE TEAM</small>
  - <small>SO, YOU WANNA GET YOUR HANDS ON THE LATEST WAREZ, HUH?</small>
  - <small>SO YOU WANT THE BEST PRICES ON CONSOLES, HUH?</small>
