Looking back at the brand Dynamix could be confusing for a reader. 

Firstly, there was the [game developer](https://www.mobygames.com/company/42/dynamix-inc/games/sort:date/) from 1983 onwards. Where you might see the name pop up in another group's releases, but often, it is referring to the developer and occasional publisher. Such as this 1991 [release](/f/a41863a) by The Humble Guys,
<small>Heart of China - Dynamix - Supplier: Lord Sterling - Cracking: None</small>.

As for the **Dynamix** of the Scene, there were a few groups.

1. The [first](https://csdb.dk/group/?id=751) German Dynamix of 1989 who operated on the Commodore 64 for a couple of years.

2. There was a [second](https://janeway.exotica.org.uk/author.php?id=23611) German group on the Commodore Amiga, that also expanded to consoles. It's uncertain of their origins, but it appears they started cracking in 1993. Despite once being German, they would also operate on boards in the US, Italy, and the UK.

3. There was an unaffiliated [Dynamix](/f/af2eac9) from the USA in 1994 that released applications and utilities on the PC using the tagline, _THE MAGiC DYNASTY_ and looked to be operated by Sam Vision and Timebuster.

4. Finally, the Dynamix on Amiga and consoles also [expanded](/f/a920169) onto the PC, labelling it as "IBM". It was thanks to BlueWater, who ran the brand out of the USA. 

BlueWater would use the group to release undesirable wares. Releases that some "elite" boards would block as junk, freeware game patches, previews, publisher press releases, screenshots, and the like. However, this scope changed with the [arrival](/f/aa20541) of Celestial Wizard, who supplied CD games, but which were not desired by many bulletin boards, due to the CD releases being too large and the games sometimes being released missing features. 

After several novel releases using CD ripping, Dynamix would merge with [**Hybrid**](/g/hybrid) at the end of July 1995. Hybrid was tied to [Eclipse](/g/eclipse), with one doing the CD releases and the other working with games published to floppy disks. In the Hybrid release of 1944: Across The Rhine, BlueWater would [write](/f/ad21189), _I have disbanded Dynamix, so to all the members that were apart of my old crew and not included in Hybrid I wish you the best of luck and thanks for the memories._

For a few months in 1996, the Dynamix name returned to the PC, comprised of former USA Hybrid/Eclipse members. The multiple March [releases](/f/a81d859) of SimCity 2000 wrote, _As you have already noticed, Hybrid has split up, with Hoson and the majority of the Euro[pean] members leaving and staying under the Hybrid label. However, most of the original members, and all the US and Canadian members have chosen to stay together with this great group of people and re-form Dynamix PC!_


The Dynamix brand on the PC would continue for a few months, including a [release](/f/a53624) of **Duke Nukem 3D**, the PC game of 1996. Before, the members again, went separate ways, with many appearing in a <small>21st of May</small> [**Prestige**](/g/prestige) [release](/f/b01a680). _Prestige would like to welcome its newest additions. And although new, these dudes have certainly been around the block a few times so we know we'll only be better for having them aboard._ Originally, there was a plan to create **Prestige/Dynamix**. However, not everyone agreed thanks to personality conflicts, something The Renegade Chemist would [discuss](/f/a35f4) in a long article. As for BlueWater, [apparently](/f/a6472), he was offline, having lost access to his personal telephone, and Crackpot of Park Central [took](/f/a6472) a timeout, _Until further notice, I will be taking a vacation from the scene_.
