**Pyradical** was a short-lived US PC game release group that existed from late 1992 to early 1993. In an [interview](/f/a315c), cofounder Chainsaw Massacre from California states that after leaving [The Dream Team](/g/the-dream-team), he and a good friend founded Pyradical as a small group. The group's early releases claimed they were a small, fun, laid-back group. However, it is likely the group died after a key supplier was busted.

_CM: After leaving TDT, me and a good friend started my own little group that was named PYRADICAL all went well until we decided to drop the whole group thing and leave the scene._<br> 
_MB: Didn't Pyradical die because of the best suppliers got busted ?_<br>
_CM: I dont want to talk about it as it can harm other people again._

It is often believed that the other cofounder was Hoson of Sweden. In a follow-up [interview](/f/a5168), he confirms that he was not. _Well, I wasn't involved in the forming of Pyradical in anyway, I was just independent and one day I was speaking to Zelnik_ [from the UK] _and he asked if I wanted to join, so I said okay sure... 2 months later Pyradical died_.

Our early hosted [releases](/f/b31d27a) show seven members, _Perpetual Demise, Death's Head, MetalliKat, The Panther, King Cobra, Zelnik, Hoson_. But oddly, Chainsaw Massacre doesn't appear until a month later, in December. And to confuse things, a few of the Pyradical releases list the incorrect month, [showing](/f/b31d27a) December when they are from November 1992.

The group coordinator was likely Perpetual Demise, given they were often the point of contact in the release texts, _If you think you belong in PYRADICAL, contact Perpetual Demise on Hangar 18_. Perpetual Demise had previously run the Commodore Amiga board, [Crypt of Eternity](https://demozoo.org/bbs/3269/) (314), out of Missouri. But the group's primary operation, the [Hanger 18](https://demozoo.org/bbs/1369/) (407) BBS, was run out of Florida by King Cobra, another Commodore Amiga board, that would later rename to Complex 39.

Just over a month after the February 1993 Pyradical [release](/f/9f18ef4) of Spaceword Ho, Hoson would reappear in his new European PC release group, [**Hybrid**](/g/hybrid), _2 months later Pyradical died so I picked up the valuable parts and formed Hybrid.._.
