<p>**Eclipse** + **Dynamix** + **Hybrid**</p>
Despite its notable membership and probably due to timing, **Eclipse** is but a footnote on the scene. Founded as a collaboration between the former leadership of [Razor 1911](/g/razor-1911) and Hybrid, Eclipse wanted to dominate the PC cracking scene. The [original](/f/a02f20) April 1995 leadership was Hoson, Marauder, Randall Flagg, and The Renegade Chemist. The [second](/f/ae1e41b) Eclipse release saw BlueWater, leader of **Dynamix**, join, leading to a collaboration between the two groups. Eclipse would focus on floppy disk cracks, and Dynamix would handle other releases, including CD ripping. However, 1995 was an awkward era in the PC gaming landscape, with game publishers switching from floppy disks to CD-ROMs.

July sees Hoson restore his former brand, **Hybrid**, which would take other groups' CD releases and [repackage](/f/ac22937) them into a smaller size, oftentimes with less functionality. And within a few weeks, Dynamix would disband to merge with Hybrid, leaving only it and Eclipse. Partly due to the retirement of their main competitor, [TDU-Jam](/g/tdu_jam) <small>([TDU](/f/b42f5b3) vs [HBD](/f/aa3cdd))</small>, Hybrid would become one of the top release groups for the remainder of the year and into 1996, while Eclipse would [fade](/f/ac25201) due to a lack of floppy disk games. That was until March 1996, when there was a public breakup, with the North American members [walking away](/f/a9216e0), restoring the **Dynamix** brand, and the European Hybrid becoming unaffiliated. Yet, Dynamix wouldn't last, with the core group [leaving](/f/b01a680) for [Prestige](/g/prestige) in May.
