<br>
**CD Ripping**

A February 1996 [article](/f/a5168) by MindBender pretends that Hybrid invented Compact Disc ripping, 
_Six months has gone since Hybrid introduced CD-ripping to the scene. 
Yes, I know TDU-JAM first started but here we're talking about actual rips and not the huge releases done by TDU-JAM. 
Hybrid started up with myself, Hoson, Cyber and a few others re-releasing software in better ripped and working versions...
Time went and CD-rips became the only thing left as the floppy-games started to go CD only. 
Major floppy groups like Genesis, Eclipse and Razor 1911 changed their labels into TDUJAM, Hybrid and RazorCD. 
In late 1995, TDUJAM decided to resign from what they had started and left Hybrid & RazorCD + a bunch of small groups in charge of the CD-releases. 
Hybrid & RazorCD agreed on a 30-disk limit to all games ripped from CD._

Though MindBender's claims are not accurate, the major groups didn't "change their labels", they ran in parallel. For example, **Razor 1911** and the CD division both released Hexen, one is [from floppy](/f/b141c6) disk and the other [from CD](/f/a71d4cc).
Instead, the CD brands became more prominent as the number of floppy disk games shrank and the availability of CD games increased.
The earliest CD from **TDU-Jam** we have on file is **November's 1994** [release](/f/b61d166) of Lemmings 3 CD, _In order to send you this CD release, we took the liberty to strip a couple of the large animations_. A game that was [co-released](/f/a5370d) by **Genesis** as The Lemmings Chronicles. _This is the disk version of the Euro_[pean] _CD title: All New World of Lemmings, and just released by TDU JAM! Enjoy the third episode._.
And a February 1995 [release](/f/ae413f) introduces the term, _What is this **CD-RIP**? Contains the full game, with sound effects, but missing the music track. What is a FULL CD? The full game, including EVERYTHING, playable from the hard disk._ 

However, if you want to go back, there were a number of extracted CD game [releases](/f/aa209be) in 1992, but these proved unpopular for many reasons. But, it is the groups such as **Hybrid** who become obsessed with reducing a game to its smallest functional size as opposed to offering a mostly full-featured game release. Hybrid [reintroduce](/g/a938e5) themselves in their first CD rip from June 1995, 
_Hybrid's back again! And we're the coolest d00ds in town!_ 
_This is an even more stripped version of Virtual Pool, released by TDUJam, some time ago._
_Reason for releasing this 2nd rip is that we managed to strip it down to 1 disk instead of TDUJam's 7 disk version._
Famed cracker Beowulf would later [complain](/f/a03319) about this excessive stripping by stating the obvious, _The emphasis should be on the playability of a release, not its size!_
