The first few **Pentagram** releases in the week of July were an assortment of fixes and trainers for games. It wasn't until the final Friday of July that the group would [release](/f/a53f5a) their first game title, the CRPG Lands of Lore by Westwood Studios. It appears there was some confusion with the initial founding, _We put too many people in our info file before people in other groups like Hoppermania etc sorry about that!_. There was also some confusion about the stylisation of the name, in a [separate](/f/a92b8d) notes file, Lord Thinker wrote, _Anyways, this is the first release for our group, and I just wanted to thank all those who made **PentaGram** possible... PentaGram is all the former UNTouchables members, a few Public Enemy, RAZOR, and TDT guys as well. Next Game: DARK SUN.. you'll see it Pentagram, the group that truly rocks the PC Scene!_

After almost a year in [retirement](/f/a93245), The Slavelord, formerly of The Humble Guys and The Original Funny Guys, [joined](/f/b1288a8) in August, but without his notorious bulletin board, which previously featured in an NBC Dateline expose. Though it would [return](/f/b530355) as The Den in November. And not long [afterwards](/f/ae1ec60), cracker Lord Blix, originally of Bentley Sidwell Productions, joined for a brief time.
Other famed crackers who would appear, HAL9000, Rescue Raider, R Bubba Magillicutty, and Excessive Knight.

Lord Thinker, one of the founders, would [leave](/f/b42b9ad) without reason in October, _Lord Thinker is no longer in PTG, good luck._ 
But it would be clarified later that this was due to personality conflicts with fellow founder Bandieto.

The group's headquarters of operation was the Seattle-based [Ice Station Zebra](https://demozoo.org/bbs/1321/) (206) run by The Professor.
But this would [switch](/f/ac1e92e) in February 1994 with the emergence of **The Digital Underground**, _Welcome our former USHQ as the new WHQ - THE DIGITAL UNDERGROUND!_ Digital Underground was a 3-node (three telephone lines) board run by Dr. Insanity, which looks to have teamed or merged hardware with Fanfan la Tulipe's 3-node [board](/f/a72fb2), The Kraal operating nearby. This switch would cause [drama](/f/b121e5e), leading to The Professor and many others [leaving](/f/ad25372) the group, _It has come to our attention that many members have decided to leave._

In a 1995 [interview](/f/a214a) Dr. Insanity would clarify the events, saying: 
PTG is formed with the 4 leaders, then Lord Thinker leaves still, all this time, PTG is kicking the ass of razor.
Bandieto and The Renegade Chemist \[Razor 1911\] are going at it on the big boards ([Elusive](https://demozoo.org/bbs/1910/) was #1 at this time). 
At this time (middle of 94), I am the top supplier for PTG and I am in 301 \[Maryland\] and Bandieto is in 703 \[Northern Virginia\] 
-- and these two area codes are LOCAL calls (free). 
So, Bandieto gets the idea to move the World-HeadQuarters from Ice Station Zebra (206) to my BBS, The Digital Underground (301). 
This would make spreading and coordination for the group a lot easier since Youngblood was moving to Northern Virginia around this time too.
<br>
But Professor \[owner of Ice Sation Zebra\] was not very happy with this idea, and after a stupid  little war with text files being release and stuff (most of the contents being lies), he just decided to quit the group. He ran his BBS for a month or two and then he got in to some money problems \[and shut the board down.\]
