Despite the height of **Genesis** in 1994 and the new year, the brand would fade in the second half of 1995. As its partner affiliate, [TDU-Jam!](/g/tdu_jam) took over the reins of releasing games published on CDs, which became the norm in the PC industry. 
Dr. Insanity would state, _Another thing is just in general, there are fewer disk games coming out, more and more CD-ROM. So far in 1995 it has been good, but I think for the winter of 95 there will be few disk games, and that is killing the games scene._ This was shortly before he retired from running both both groups and his board.  

<pre>
        R.E.S.P.E.C.T. BIG TIME to our ass-kicking CD-Affiliate, TDU-JAM!
                                                FANFAN LATULIPE / GENESiS
</pre>

But when **TDU-Jam!** in December announced the [retirement](/f/b42b789) of cofounder, Fanfan la Tulipe, the bulletin board [The Digital Underground](https://demozoo.org/bbs/2448/), and the winding up of TDU-JAM! Genesis was mentioned in a past sense, "Our personnal goals (to be the best, and shut-up the pretences of
our competition) were met years ago with the dominion of PENTAGRAM and GENESIS, and TDU-JAM just follows in the line of outstanding achievements".

---

**Genesis** on The Digital Underground

There's a hacked [capture](/f/a7312e) of the **GNS PRIVATE (6) Conference** taken from the primary Genesis board, The Digital Underground. The board's messages offer an excellent insight as to how groups of this era functioned.

- **#1867, 11-04-94 (13:08):** I am really excited about this new group, and I know we are gonna take it far and crush the rest of the scene... Would appreciate anyone's feelings on what's going on... hopefully this is gonna be the beginning of some cool new friendships. All hard feelings in the past, the future looks to be awesome! Leo / Dr. Insanity [GεNεSiS]

- **#1874, 11-05-94 (21:58):** Oh geez... another name change :) well I wish we could have used one of our old names like [Untouchable](/g/the-untouchables)... but it's not that important. The Bandit

- **#1845, 11-05-94 (22:36):** What do people think of this logo? Dr. Insanity
<br>\> **#1877, 11-06-94 (03:21):** Looks good to me... Skinnypuppy

- **#1884, 11-06-94 (19:49):** Which of these three DIZ choices do people like best? Tazman says he likes the third, personally I like them all... how do others feel? Dr. Insanity
<br>\> **#1890, 11-07-94 (08:39):** I vote 3 also... Fanfan Latulipe

- **#1965, 11-14-94 (00:40):** Listen... [Razor](/g/razor-1911) is ragging on us big time... I think we gotta put a new policy into effect... like the old Pentagram policy... no more ragging back from us... we'll stick to the facts and not play into their game. Dr. Insanity

- **#2033, 11-27-94 (13:43):** I want only to know if some of you are planning to go to the [Party 94](https://demozoo.org/parties/93/) in Denmark? We are planning to go there with some people and computers to have some fun! Werner & Tardy

- **#2081, 12-07-94 (03:36):** Hey I was thinking about forming a strictly private, Genesis channel on IRC for some of you that frequent there often. It would be up 24 hrs/day and would be accessible only to Genesis members... I would like to begin the plummeling of the lame #Razor channel that went up a couple of months ago. :) Crackpot
<br>\> **#2084, 12-07-94 (15:47):** Yes I like this idea... there is already a `#Genesis` channel though, so we'd have to take it over and place our bot in there to keep it to ourselves ;) Dr. Insanity

- **#2168, 12-13-94 (21:26):** Private Genesis information line! Dial 800-757-5$$6 (toll-free) for the latest release information from Genesis! We will be leaving messages at the above number with the latest release information... what our last release was, when we released it, any releases coming soon, etc. It will always be up to date. Dr. Insanity

- **#2289, 01-04-95 (14:22):** What breaks my balls is that I am Genesis [Canadian HQ](https://demozoo.org/bbs/5543/) and the only caller I have is Crimson & Weaver who just got booted. Besides that, it's me and Dendybar (the two locals).. If some of you could call just to post messages to trade a little, it would be really appreciated. I just want to see more GNS guys on the BBS to make things look more worthwhile. The Silent Assassin

- **#2302, 01-13-95 (14:52):** Welcome to 1995! The Genesis posse is falling asleep! The couriers are hardly doing their job and the rest of the group isn't doing much either. Time for a wake-up call! Fanfan Latulipe

- **#2470, 03-03-95 (00:27):** And by the way, I heard that Cyber Angel's Ware Report ranked Razor above Genesis in February. Do I need to tell you guys that this is the biggest joke so far, except, of course, for Cyber Angel's Ware Report ranking Tyranny above Genesis in January? So far, we have owned 1995. Fanfan Latulipe

<br>
And in post #2502, _Alright- Pep Talk Time_ DR. INSANITY would explain why they do this, "This is one of the coolest hobbies... and right now, we've been NUMBER ONE in the WHOLE WORLD in releasing PC GAMES. Our releases, handles, and boards will be immortalized in thousands of tape backups and burned CD-ROMs in every corner of the globe. Think about that... lets do some QUALITY work here guys. We're doing our part, please help and do yours for the benefit of the best motherfucking group in the scene: GENESiS!"

---

**The Other Genesis**

Before the Genesis PC cracking group, there was an unrelated small, New Jersey-based BBS programming group that developed [scripts](/f/af2a5ae) for bulletin boards.

The Genesis brand returned in 2000 to release German-language titles; however, by this time, piracy groups had gone underground and anonymous. There were a couple of Germans involved in the operations of the original 1994-95 group, so maybe that is a link. But what is certain is that that Genesis of 2000 shared the same BLHGODS Yahoo contact with the German/English language group [**Backlash**](/g/backlash).
