TDU Jam! story begins as the bulletin board system named The Digital Underground. [TDU](https://demozoo.org/bbs/2448/) is based in Bethesda, Maryland, is owned by Dr Insanity, and has run on and off again for years since its opening in late 1989.

Dr Insanity and his later collaborator Fanfan la Tulipe joined [Pentagram](/g/pentagram) separately in 1993, however, they both ran affiliated bulletin boards within the same proximity. Dr Insanity's board became the "world headquarters" for Pentagram in February 1994, partly due to Fanfan deciding to combine his resources to become co-owner and co-operator of The Digital Underground BBS.

As this was the inaccessible Internet era, all the operations and coordination of the group were done over computerised bulletin boards and telephone lines. While being the operators of the group's primary board, both Dr Insanity and Fanfan obtained leadership roles in Pentagram. And when Pentagram merged with [Legend](/g/legend) in October 1994, they decided to rename the group to something new, a brand that they had ownership of, [Genesis](/g/genesis).

But around the same time, Dr Insanity and Fanfan founded a side-group, TDU Jam! Named after the board they operated, but given a Rastafarian theme as a playful way to emphasise that it wasn't to be taken seriously. TDU Jam! was to release freeware and shareware direct to The Digital Underground, but they were aware such wares would not be wanted by many "elite" boards that were piracy exclusive. 

<small>"Hey dude! Wanna join the Jammin'?  Leave us mail wherever you can find us!  We can use Slideshows, Demos, and other game related goodies."

<pre>
[the digital underground]
 genesis             whq    english games
 assault             whq    foreign utils
 dytec               whq    foreign games
 sac                ushq    ansi, ascii, vga's
 tdujam              whq    demos, screenshots, updates
 turbo               whq    console couriers
</pre></small>

However, this narrative changed with the Genesis [release](/f/a5370d) of Lemmings: Chronicles on 26th November 1994, with Fanfan emphasising a clear link between TDU Jam! and the more professional Genesis. "This is the disk version of the European CD title: All New World of Lemmings, just released by TDU JAM! Enjoy the third episode in the Lemmings saga".

It is commonly accepted that TDU Jam! was the CD division for Genesis, which only released PC games published on floppy disks. However, that wasn't the case at first, as TDU is technically the older group, and was releasing niche games published on floppy disks, but mostly game previews, with the occasional CD titles.

The change to CD exclusivity probably occurred after the February 1995 [release](/f/ae413f) of Great Naval Battles 3, a CD only title that likely inspired a new direction for TDU, "Due to marketing and financial reasons, S.S.I. will only be releasing CD-ROM to the public." The release of Great Naval Battles 3 also saw the first known use of the term CD-RIP. This would continue in wide use in the Scene for the remainder of the decade, until DVD game distribution took over. However, this wasn't the first CD rip release, just the first to use the term. TDU's earlier releases of Shadow of Cain were missing its CD audio soundtrack, and Lemmings 3 had its animations stripped out.

<small>
What is this CD-RIP? Contains the full game, with sound effects, but missing the music track.                                     
What is a FULL CD? The full game, including EVERYTHING, playable from the hard disk (and cracked, of course). 
</small>

It is probably the late March [release](/f/b521c3d) of Jungle Strike from Gremlin Interactive that the group decides to take themselves more seriously by including, "Top quality from TDUJAM - setting the standard for quality CD releases and CD-RiPS!" Then, in the May [release](/f/ba2e08d) of The Perfect General 2, the original NFO layout, which had been mocked in an earlier [fake release](/f/b8292ed), was replaced.
