**Pirates With Attitudes**

The second chapter of PWA begins on the 23rd of February 1993, with Bar Manager penning the [article](/f/a62913), "The history and INC today" for the only [issue](/g/adrenalin) of Adrenalin magazine. In it, he talks about the group's peak, its downfall, and how it is regrouping with new membership, including Orion, formerly of [Fairlight](/g/fairlight), whom he describes encouragingly as being the new "boss man". However, by the time of publication at the end of March, Adrenalin amended the article, declaring it redundant, "Bar Manager is now part of PWA, Pirates With Attitude. At the time of when this article was written, he was a Senior of INC".

Pirates With Attitudes was founded in mid-March 1993, and their [release](/f/b32d1b9) on the 20th of March is missing a brand logo, a sure sign of an early product. In it, the senior staff is listed as Bar Manager, Dumper, Kram, Orion, Pagan, Kamirr Dannon, all of whom were part of INC just days [earlier](/f/aa25020). And yes, Dumper is the same PWA guy from 1991 running Dumper's Den, and surely must have had input into the new name. A name also clearly inspired by the influential hip-hop [band](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/N.W.A) N.W.A from Compton.

A [release](/f/b22a8a9) from a few days later would clarify Bar Manager and Orion as the group "Organizers", and the remainder as senior staff. Within weeks, Stapper would become the third organiser before eventually being swapped out with Teddy, the system operator of the [Digital Underground](https://demozoo.org/bbs/4177/) board located in Germany. Teddy and others would later take the PWA brand down an interesting path by developing freeware [extensions](/f/ae2a1b6) for bulletin board system software that would be offered on legitimate and commercial boards and Internet sites. 

While today, PWA is mostly remembered for their releases of big-tech applications and utilities, including the obscure and expensive application software, sometimes valued in the tens of thousands of dollars. In their first year, they still had game releases in their DNA. Where at the same time they were [posting](/f/b11e5ed) Microsoft DOS 6, they were also [releasing](/f/b12c422) the mech arcade shooter Xenobots, not only the game but also its [documentation](/f/b42f649).

But just a year after founding in early 1994, not only was the idea of releasing games and documentation gone, but so were all the original senior staff! Of the six former INC senior members, only cofounder Orion remained in PWA, with him being listed as the sole [president](/f/af25b42) of the group.

**The downfall**

By the year 2000, seven years after PWA's formation, not only had the group membership completely changed, so too had the piracy Scene, and even the perception of what it meant to be online. Software piracy had gone from an underground nerd niche, occasionally misreported in the technology press, into a hot subject [debated](https://www.irational.org/APD/CCIPS/tesfin.html) by the US government, and made [criminal](https://edition.cnn.com/ALLPOLITICS/1997/12/17/copyright/) by President Clinton at the end of 1997.

This is speculation, but Microsoft could have triggered the spectacular takedown of PWA. Microsoft would have been well aware that someone within was leaking their [software](/f/a52a8c), and likely launched an internal investigation and review. In a later DOJ press release, it was reported that Warlock from North Carolina, a Microsoft employee and senior manager of PWA, allowed co-leader Marlenus from Massachusetts access to the Microsoft internal network using his personal credentials. One could imagine Microsoft would have noticed this unusual access and reported it to the FBI.

What eventuated was fascinating. FBI agents working in Chicago not only discovered [Sentinel](/g/sentinel-ftp), the group's primary private Internet site, but they also pinned its location to hardware housed at the University of Sherbrooke, Quebec. In March 1999, with the cooperation of the university and the RCMP, the two operators of Sentinel began 'cooperating with law enforcement authorities'. The investigators managed to collect two years' worth of evidence, starting in January 1998, until they took the site down in January 2000.

The first arrest, for Marlenus, occurred on the 3rd of February. What was crazy was that the group [continued](/f/b029ca8) to release as if nothing had happened, maybe thinking that being outside of North America kept the remainder safe. However, it was the May 4th press [release](https://web.archive.org/web/20120114174415/http://www.justice.gov/criminal/cybercrime/pirates.htm) that put it in perspective: "U.S. indicts 17 in alleged international software piracy conspiracy". While seventeen people were indicted, it was claimed that more than 100 users had access to Sentinel. Including five Intel employees, who in exchange for [access](/f/b01a8a4), were supplying hardware to the site at the company's expense.

<pre class="font-dos reader">
                                       26 Oct 1999 22:28:44

You have accessed
           ______________  _________________  __________
          / ____/ ___/   \/  /__   __/  /   \/  / ___/ /
         _\__ \  ___/  /\   /  /  / /  /  /\   / ___/ /__
        <_____/____/__/  \_/  /__/ /__/__/  \_/____/_____>  

                                      ...Intel Inside.  :)

                   SYSOPS -> GuiP & Magellan</pre>

With both Shiffie in Belgium and Darklord in Sweden being indicted. The group decided it was best to finally shut down operations, which was announced to the Scene the following day with a [final](/f/a23b69) "RIP 1992 - 2000" release. But unfortunately, Shiffie got the founding year wrong.

A DOJ press release [update](https://web.archive.org/web/20120114174415/http://www.justice.gov/criminal/cybercrime/pwa_verdict.htm) was published a year later in May 2001. In it, all five Intel employees pleaded guilty, as did the eight former members of the group whose ages ranged from 30 to 43. Warlock, the ex-Microsoft employee, had his case ongoing, while Shiffie and Darklord were declared fugitives. It was only Mercy, a 28-year-old from Salem, who decided to challenge, and after a week-long trial and 30 minutes of jury deliberation, he was found guilty. Mercy had the honour of being the first person to be found guilty of conspiracy to infringe software copyrights under the 1997 No Electronic Theft (NET) Act.

**The wrong 1992 founding**

For some reason, in a few interviews, Orion would [claim](/f/a315c) that PWA was founded by him in 1992. Maybe he misremembered, but there were no PWA releases in 1992. Orion and his Florida bulletin board were affiliated with [Rat Pack](/f/ae23162) and [TSA](/f/b3286ce), then began working as a Fairlight [courier](/f/b62fe7) in August 1992. He rose to a [senior courier](/f/b42f5ae) and coordinator role in September, before being promoted to [senior staff](/f/b52ab3e) in mid-December. Bar Manager [headhunted](/f/b824405) him for INC in February 1993. From that, Bar Manager and Orion founded Pirates With Attitudes together with other members of INC, many of whom were disillusioned with the game release scene. In Orion's own [words](/f/a8177), "PWA started 3 years ago, With BarManager and myself. We were running INC at the time... We both and the majority of the group agreed that the games scene was heading into a tailspin of kids ruining it with their ego's." "We took a vote of the group, and all the dist sites sysop and all agreed 100% to go with the new look and new name."

The June 1999 [announcement](/f/b12d64e) of Rambone's retirement confirms the 1993 date.
<pre>
│ PWA Pioneers ...   │ Orion	1993 - 1996
│                  │ Rambone	1993 - 1999
</pre>
