United Group International, or UGi, was a 1990s release group founded in Moscow, with a presence in Europe and elsewhere. While the far more well-known [Drink or Die](/g/drink-or-die), also originally from Moscow, UGi is the older of the two. There are multiple eras of UGi, with the most recent being in the late 1990s and early 2000s. However, before then, there were UGi releases in 1996 with a focus on PC applications and utilities, and an earlier era from 1991-93.

It's challenging to decipher the origin story of the group, as it appears inconsistent and seems to change depending on when it is recounted. But the group's founder, Joyrider, was previously known as PCH. His family might have been a part of the Soviet elite, having lived abroad for sometime, and also having friends in the Western financial hubs of London and New York.

1. There's a specific date often cited, December 1, 1987, when he and some friends viewed intros or crack intros on the Atari ST and Commodore 64 and declared that something similar could be made for the PC. This date appears conveniently specific and can be dismissed, even though the year 1987 was often quoted in their releases.

2. The second story is in their releases from 1996, and goes back even earlier, claiming UGi was founded in 1985. Apparently, this time, it operated on the Commodore 64 and Atari XL800, then in 1986, it switched to the Commodore 64 and Atari ST, and finally to the PC in 1987. And supposedly, this was in Moscow, under the Soviet Union, where such machines were elusive.

3. There's also an origin story, which is a little more consistent, involving Sierra Online and King's Quest 4, which was published in the USA in late 1988. But a boxed copy was apparently given to Joyrider by a London friend visiting Moscow. In this story, he talks specifically about owning a Beltron Datastorm. Beltron was a "portable" PC manufacturer from California. However, the "Datastorm" model mentioned is nonsensical. Datastorm was a PC software company. However, apparently, United Group was a name used to eventually release King's Quest 4, via in-person disk-swapping, not online.

4. Finally, another United Group story talks of [THG](/g/the-humble/guys), [INC](/g/international-network-of-crackers), the first NFO files, and early ANSI art, which would place the group in 1990 or 1991.
