**Seek N' Destroy** (SND) was a European cracking group founded on January 2003, and as a brand lived on through the 2000s and 2010s despite the constant change of membership.

"Well the group is new :D SND is new cracking group consisted of good crackers and friends.
Group started working on 22 January 2003 and is getting a outstanding rating for this few days. We urgently need crackers, carders, gfxers and webhosting. Anyone that can help please contact us."
<br><small>[January 2003](/f/b2297ff)</small>

_It is hard to think that just over [five years ago](/f/b320f26) Seek n Destroy had no place in the scene, a silent unknown entity yet to be born. Today, five years on and with over 11,500 releases to look back on Seek n Destroy are a well and truly established team that have surpassed what many had though would be just another minor team that would disappear as quickly as it came.
<br>
The majority of the original members who helped to form and create Seek n Destroy have either retired or moved on to other projects. What has made Seek n Destroy such an enjoyable team to be a part of - at any time - is that many new and interesting members have come forward sharing the same dreams and desires as those original members to help keep pushing forward Seek n Destroy to new heights that it enjoys today.
<br>
Seek n Destroy is not just a crack team it is a family and being a family I think it is fair to say we look at each other with pride. We take pride knowing that being a little bit different has made us that little bit better._
