**Courier Weektop Scorecard** or CWS was a publication founded by Technician that used generated statistics to determine a score list of the top couriers for the past week measured by volume but that later evolved into a full featured magazine with regular features and guest writers.

Originally the mentioned couriers would have their login alias and courier group affiliation published, along with a score. And to assert some credibility the first issue would contain a list of named sites where the statistics were generated. Also, was a second, more focused list included known as the **Worlds Top Sites** and the top couriers for those. However, after issue one, the named list would be replaced by acronyms.

<small>

[AirForce One](/g/air-force-one-ftp) (AF1), [Ambiquous](/g/ambiquous-ftp) (AMB), [Camelot](/g/camelot-ftp) (CAM), Digital dC (DC), [DaFat](/g/dafat-ftp) (DF), [DreamLand](/g/dreamland-ftp) (DL), [Enigma](/g/enigma-ftp), ET, [FalseHood](/g/false-hood-ftp) (FH), FOS, LA, [PrimaryLink](/g/primary-link-ftp) (PL), [Quadcon](/g/quadcon-ftp) (QC), [The Rock](/g/rock-ftp) (ROC), [Silly Symphonies](/g/silly-symphonies-ftp) (SS), TotalTechnology (TT), TRS, [The Wolves House](/g/wolves-house-ftp) (TWH), [VDR Lake](/g/vdr-lake-ftp) (VDR), [WatchTower](/g/watch-tower-ftp) (WT), [xquziit](/g/xquizit-ftp) (XQZ)

</small>

_Ranking sites is not what CWS is about. We choose sites, first by popularity and competition. The sites that show a constant ability to promote the best will be chosen as a CSW Top Sites. Affiliations, speed, staff, and couriers help._

**_Issue summaries:_**

**NOTE:** These issues are _missing_: 31, 32, 61, 66, 67, 94; and these issues are probably _incomplete_: 33, 40, 42.

- [Issue 3](/f/a9649) includes `m8-bye.txt`, _Motiv8 is now officially dead!_
- [Issue 7](/f/a44fb) from March 1998 would introduce more formal rules and include `CWSRULES.TXT`.
- [Issue 11](/f/a870b) would see CwS introduce `news11.txt`, a CwS NewsLetter that covered general Scene happenings.
- [Issue 14](/f/a25d9) introduces _AgEnT-KGB, WeekTop Games/Utils Group Report_.
- [Issue 15](/f/a35b5) reports Scener and leader of [We Love Warez](/g/we-love-warez), Insomnia passes away at the age of 19.
- [Issue 24]() sees _Sky's News Section_. //TODO:
- [Issue 26](/f/a552b) includes `ISO26.TXT` and mentions the following ISO sites: ch_iso hot_iso merc_iso nil_iso sl_iso tph_iso.
- [Issue 36](/f/a45e5) announces the naming of FTP sites will stop, _with the behavior of some peeps on IRC & threats to sites & others, we don't want to contribute to all the recent threats and problems on the scene._
- [Issue 38](/f/a653d) includes `bookware.txt`.
- [Issue 41](/f/a7499) adds `cardie.txt`, _Buj's News_.
- [Issue 42](/f/ae2d23e) was released late and packed in `cws-043.zip`.
- [Issue 56](/f/ad69f) introduces _Johhny's Non-Baised Courier Report_.
- [Issue 57](/f/ae67b) sees are return of the ISO scene, _World's ISO Couriers_.
- [Issue 60](/f/a84c9) contains _BLITZ'S USA COURIER REPORT_.
- [Issue 79](/f/af6ab) reports _dupecheck.com is gone, due to the fact they didn't want to spread all that info, and realizing that some people might be in danger if fbi finds the page._
- [Issue 80](/f/b0607) sees _Undinism's EURO Group Review_ and _epd's USA Group Review_.
- [Issue 81](/f/9f220) has _DarkBorn's USA Group Review_.
- [Issue 83](/f/a1578) sees TecH interviewing Brianna.
- [Issue 84](/f/a24d4) has TecH interviewing Boring and DieSelz.

- [Issue 85](/f/a34b0) interviews skimp, garflozzy and includes the [Monthly Cracking Report](/g/monthly-cracking-report).
- [Issue 86](/f/a442c) interviews scan, pyx, and includes [orGAsMING](/g/orgasming-gaming-magazine) #11.
- [Issue 87](/f/a5788) interviews grave and includes orGAsMING #12.
- [Issue 88](/f/a6764) reports [Paradigm](/g/paradigm) and [Origin](/g/origin) have merged into [Myth](/g/myth), interviews JohnnyM, and includes orGAsMING #13.
- [Issue 89](/f/a76c0) interviews prozax and includes orGAsMING #14.
- [Issue 90](/f/a86bc) interviews termi, and includes both Monthly Courier Report #2 and orGAsMING #15.
- [Issue 91](/f/a023a) interviews vln-gimp and includes orGAsMING #16.
- [Issue 92](/f/a87cd) interviews RockFord, the siteop of [ORBiTAL](/g/orbital-ftp) and includes orGAsMING #17.
- [Issue 93](/f/a1596) interviews dmon, and includes orGAsMING #18, plus The Personal Gaming Report (TPGR) who also interviews SJ.
- [Issue 95](/f/a2572) interviews PsyciK of Fastlane couriers and includes orGAsMING #20.
- [Issue 96](/f/a34ee) interviews godbless of [Devotion](/g/devotion) couriers and includes orGAsMING #21.
- [Issue 97](/f/a97a9) interviews Krazey of [Insanity](/g/insanity-couriers) couriers and includes orGAsMING #22. Plus adds The Personal Gaming Report which Class and Myth dominated, and interviews churchi of [Churchi's Gaming News](https://web.archive.org/web/19991102230145/http://www.churchi.com/) once found at `www.churchi.com`.
- [Issue 98](/f/a444a) interviews DarkLogic of [Moonshine](/g/moonshine) couriers and includes orGAsMING #23.
- [Issue 99](/f/a5426) interviews beano of [RTS](/g/request-to-send) (Request to Send couriers) and includes orGAsMING #24.
- [Issue 100](/f/a6782) interviews LS of [Amnesia](/g/amnesia), and includes both Monthly Cracking Report #4 and orGAsMING #25.
- [Issue 101](/f/a777e) interviews mrzed of [We Love Warez](/g/we-love-warez) couriers and includes orGAsMING #26.
- [Issue 102](/f/a86da) interviews MoonSabre of [Angles on Drugs](/g/angels-on-drugs) couriers and includes orGAsMING #27.
- [Issue 103](/f/a96b6) has no interview but includes orGAsMING #28.
- [Issue 104](/f/a15cc) interviews unit-one of [Insanity](/g/insanity-couriers) couriers and includes orGAsMING #29.
- [Issue 105](/f/a25a8) interviews inferno\_ of [Eclipse](/g/eclipse) and includes orGAsMING #30.
- [Issue 106](/f/a3504) has no interview but includes orGAsMING #31.
- [Issue 107](/f/a44e0) interviews Stripper of [Xcrypt](/g/xcrypt) and includes orGAsMING #32.
- [Issue 108](/f/a545c) introduces the _CwS Util Review_ by Sadasity, interviews markster of [We Love Warez](/g/we-love-warez) couriers, and includes orGAsMING #33.
- [Issue 109](/f/a6438) interviews Terrific of [Liquid Gravity](/g/liquid-gravity) and includes orGAsMING #34.
- [Issue 110](/f/a7794) interviews undinism of [Devotion](/g/devotion) couriers and includes orGAsMING #35.
- [Issue 111](/f/a8770) interviews t00ir8 of [Volition](/g/volition) couriers and includes orGAsMING #36.
- [Issue 112](/f/a96ec) includes orGAsMING #37.
- [Issue 113](/f/aa648) interviews SkiTza of [Moonshine](/g/moonshine) couriers and includes orGAsMING #38.
- [Issue 114](/f/a25c6) interviews Glacier of [Volition](/g/volition) couriers and includes orGAsMING #39.
- [Issue 115](/f/a35a2) interviews lord of [We Love Warez](/g/we-love-warez) couriers and includes orGAsMING #40.
- [Issue 116](/f/a451e) interviews hodd of [Volition](/g/volition) couriers and includes orGAsMING #41.
- [Issue 117](/f/a54fa) introduces a _Weekly VCD Review_ section (movies), interviews TigerNova, and includes orGAsMING #42.
- [Issue 118](/f/a87ae) interviews Seraph of [Xcrypt](/g/xcrypt) and includes orGAsMING #43.
- [Issue 119](/f/a6456) interviews Brianna of [We Love Warez](/g/we-love-warez) couriers and includes orGAsMING #44.
- [Issue 121](/f/a970a) includes orGAsMING #46.
- [Issue 122](/f/aa6e6) includes orGAsMING #47.
- [Issue 123](/f/ab642) includes orGAsMING #48.
- [Issue 125](/f/a45b4) includes orGAsMING #49 and #50.
- [Issue 128](/f/a7468) includes orGAsMING #52 and #53.
- [Issue 129](/f/a87c4) interviews Boring of [Moonshine](/g/moonshine) couriers and includes orGAsMING #54.
- [Issue 130](/f/a97a0) interviews Redbone of [RTS](/g/request-to-send) (Request to Send) and includes orGAsMING #55.
- [Issue 131](/f/aa71c) interviews pro of [RTS](/g/request-to-send) (Request to Send).
- [Issue 132](/f/ab6f8) interviews lightning of [RiSC](/g/rise-in-superior-couriering) couriers and includes orGAsMING #56 and #57.
- [Issue 133](/f/ac654) interviews dolty and includes orGAsMING #58.
- [Issue 134](/f/a45d2) includes orGAsMING #59.
- [Issue 135](/f/a554e) interviews bender of [X-Force](/g/x_force) and includes orGAsMING #60.
- [Issue 136](/f/a652a) interviews TaPeWoRMz of [RiSE](/g/rise) and includes orGAsMING #61.
- [Issue 137](/f/ab6f8) interviews glim of [RiSC](/g/rise-in-superior-couriering) couriers and includes orGAsMING #62.
- [Issue 138](/f/a8462) interviews Avalanche of [RiSC](/g/rise-in-superior-couriering) couriers and includes orGAsMING #63.
- [Issue 139](/f/a97de) includes orGAsMING #64.
- [Issue 140](/f/aa7ba) interviews MrWizard of [Moonshine](/g/moonshine) couriers.
- [Issue 141](/f/ab716) interviews mrzed of [We Love Warez](/g/we-love-warez) couriers and includes orGAsMING #65-66.
- [Issue 146](/f/a753c) includes orGAsMING #67-70.
- [Issue 147](/f/a8498) interviews djmp3 of [RiSC](/g/rise-in-superior-couriering) couriers.
- [Issue 148](/f/a9474) interviews tiz of [RTS](/g/request-to-send) (Request to Send).
- [Issue 149](/f/aa7d0) interviews killermal of [RiSC](/g/rise-in-superior-couriering) couriers.
- [Issue 150](/f/ab74c) includes orGAsMING #71-74.
- [Issue 151](/f/ac728) interviews bohnz of [Angles on Drugs](/g/angels-on-drugs) couriers and includes orGAsMING #75 and #76.
- [Issue 152](/f/ad684) includes orGAsMING #77.
- [Issue 153](/f/ae660) includes orGAsMING #78.
- [Issue 155](/f/a755a) includes orGAsMING #79 and #80.
- [Issue 156](/f/a8536) includes orGAsMING #81.
- [Issue 160](/f/ac746) includes orGAsMING #82.
- [Issue 161](/f/ad722) includes orGAsMING #83-85.
- [Issue 162](/f/ae69e) includes orGAsMING #86.
- [Issue 166](/f/a94c8) interviews rUBYX of [The Flaming Arrows](/g/the-flame-arrows).
- [Issue 167](/f/aa4a4) interviews X-Frog.
