Line Zero aka LZO or LZ0, first released under the name _LineZer0 Network 99_ at the end of 1998.
The group looks to be a mishmash of a cracking, writing, tutorials, and programming that operated on the more mainstream Undernet (IRC) chat network. However, by 2001, the group had switched to the Efnet (IRC) chat network, where much of the top cracking groups operated.

[2003](/f/aa20e3d) _Established at New Years Eve 1999, Linezer0 have been around for some time now.
A lot have happened the past few years, people have come and gone, but the spirit of Lz0 remains.
Started out doing mostly Shareware cracking; evolved into doing some more advanced cracking, and lately started to look into more areas of cracking and generally the Cad/Cam and Music type of releases._

In October 2013 they would [announce](/f/ad23912) their retirement, claiming over 30,000 releases under LZ0 and PDA titles (2000s era mobile computing platform) under Lz0PDA. In it they'd write,

_It was brought to our attention that a notice was released yesterday that included data that originates from a breach we had back in 2009. Let us stress that the data did not contain any IP of the people or sites mentioned, but we'll also be the first to apologize that the breach and leak happened._

_The data covers mostly sites that have since gone perm down, and members that have retired - though it's still a bad day for us - and while we would indeed like to go on, we see no way that we can continue after this. Not only does this force us to shut down the group, but it also forces us to retire. But we guess that's what the 0DAY community wanted after all._
