**NWR** went under a number of names including starting as the NetMonkey Weekend Report, before eventually settling on Netmonkey Weekly Report.

The first issue opened, _This emag, if you can call it that, was formed because of the demise of [WCR](t/g/weekly-courier-report),
and the fact that there are many complaints about [CWS](/g/courier-weektop-scorecard). I think CWS is great and should continue!. So we're here, and probably here to stay._

Issue three continued, _This is a courier report. We take the top-10 sites in the scene and tally up the points each courier gains and rank them from 1 - 10, 1 being the best courier and 10 being the 10th best courier :>_ And the issue also introduced _Lester's Biased Courier Report!_, a former editor and writer of publications past. And in a curious turn, the original authors abandoned the publication after issue six, and Lester took over the title. With Lester in issue eight confirming, _But Anyhow, this is my report, I talk shit on everybody and anybody and any courier group_.

Issue 15 would have the title announce they were being a "full e-mag", _we've decided to put together a more full e-mag, with articles, reviews, interviews, my biased report, a few other side things that you may remember from [INQ](/g/inquisition)_. It also contains an interview with Garoto of Devotion.

- Issue 17 interviews Jaydee of [Devotion](/g/devotion).
- Issue 20 sees the introduction of _Jaydee's Biased Report_.
- While far from the biggest news of Issue 22, they write about when this domain got [hacked](https://wayback.defacto2.net/defacto2-hacked-from-1998-november-4/) with Sky Masterson writing, _www.defacto2.net got HACKED early this morning, pretty lame hack, if you ask me, but at least whoever did it had a message to spread. This takes me back to the olden days when our two scenes were constantly at war. They were the 31337 h4x0r dud3s, and we were the "warez pups". i hope there is a big war_.
- Issue 26 introduces _Bud's Biased Utils Report_. And in the scene news, they report _[DiViNE](/g/divine) and [DVNISO](/g/deviance) have now completely split.. But the kicker is that DVNISO is now supplying for other groups_.
- Issue 27 introduces _Prozac's Kinda Biased Gaming Report_, "If you remember the [RCN](/g/reality-check-network) days, I use to write reports for them. At first it was courier reports, then I got involved big time into games and started writing reports about games. My passion use to be couriering, but now it's the gaming scene."
- Issue 33 sees the start of a new VCD review section, _VCD Group and Movie Reviews_, that covers the pirated Video Compact Discs Scene.
- Issue 34 sees Defacto2 get a shout out! It's crazy to thing this domain is still online and active, all these years later, thanks Lester.
- Issue 35 interviews Bones of [RiSE](/g/rise) and [Dimension](/g/dimension).
- Issue 36 includes the article _Which ftpd is Right for You?_, reviewing: `xftpd`, `bftpd` ([BleachBoX](/g/bleachbox-ftp)), `rftpd` (Reanimator), [ftp4all](www.ftp4all.de), `glftpd` ([Greyline](www.glftpd.org)), `eftpd`, `eqlftpd` ([Equality](/g/equality)), and `hftpd` ([Hades](/g/hades-ftp)).
- Issue 38 interviews Uncle John of [The Corporation](/g/the-corporation) and [Vengeance](/g/vengeance). In it he covers the merger of Hemp Hoodlum's Titan merging with The Corp in 1994, then mentions how The Corp brand was retired a few times, with a merge with [SCUM](/g/scum), then [PWA](/g/pirates-with-attitudes), and later Siege. And finally, he talks of an new collaboration with [UCF](/g/united-cracking-force).
- Issue 39 reports of the likely possibility of the Greyline ftpd demaon software (glftpd) incorporating a backdoor allowing for unauthorized remote access. The led accuser is Eightball, formerly known as Pink Floyd of [The Humble Guys](/g/the-humble-guys) and [The FiRM](/g/the-firm). And this is widely used software in the Scene to run illegal FTP file trading sites.
- Issue 41 interviews shwanzkrieg aka Blitzkrieg (Blitz) of [Origin](/g/origin), [Dimension](/g/dimension), and DVNISO. Being a former member of Razor 1911 and RiSC of the early 1990s he has a dislike of courier focused sites. _I see no use for race sites in a release group. The only reason Origin has sites is to leech (ED: leech means to offer accounts with unlimited download access). That is their sole purpose. If we didn't need leech we wouldn't have sites. In the old days a WHQ was where the group communicated through message bases. These days, sites are totally file-oriented._
- Issue 44 interviews Toth of RiSE, [Razor 1911](/g/razor-1911), and [Angles on Drugs](/g/angels-on-drugs). And mentions of a new "coded" Scene magazine named _Syndication Networks_ or SCN, which unfortunately we do not have.
- Issue 45 interviews co-editor Lester, and also Evel.
- Issue 46 has interviews with \]\[ce (Ice) of Origin, TK4 of Origin and author of _Independent Game Scene Report_ (IGSR), and Grind the founder of The Players Club. Ice and NWR briefly talk about Origin and its relationship with DVNISO, _It's no secret anymore that Origin and DVNISO have a very close relationship. All Origin senior members are members in DVNISO, and vice versa._
- Issue 47 interviews The Punisher of Razor 1911 and [Drink or Die](/g/drink-or-die), plus Lechucky of [Class](/g/class), [Fairlight](/g/fairlight), and Angels on Drugs.
- Issue 50 covers the end of the courier group Dimension (DMS), then interviews Caserd and MrPuMPkiN on the topic.
- Issue 51 interviews Genesis P'Orridge of Origin and [The Flame Arrows](/g/the-flame-arrows), plus reports that famed application release group Siege is dead.
- Issue 52 sees NWR follow a common trend of mid-1999, with the publication purging a lot of the open information it used to publish. Popular sections such as _The Scene News_ by Sky Masterson get retired, as do the names of ftp sites, and the removal of the Scene website listings.
- Issue 53 interviews Toast of Razor 1911 and introduces _Koka's Biased(duh!) Cracking Report #1_.
- Issue 56 introduces _TTOL's Slightly Biased Gaming Report_ and interviews Riches/Mray/Metaray.
- Issue 60 interviews Elocin of RiSE.
- Issue 61 introduces _The Devestator Report_ and interviews Poison of SCUM.
- Issue 63 introduces _Game Recognize Game's MP3 Reviews_.
- Issue 64 interviews Goldorak of Class and introduces _N's Biased ISO Utils Report_.
- Issue 65 sees Blitz return from retirement and introduces _OMG YET ANOTHER GAMES REPORT_ by The Preacher Kane.
- Issue 66 has now sees _The NWR Game Report_.
- Issue 67 also appends an _ISO Game Scene_ report.
- Issue 72 interviews buj of Razor 1911, Corp, and RTS.
- Issue 74 introduces _Dennison's Game Rreview_.
- Issue 75 reports on the merger of [Paradigm](/g/paradigm) and Origin to create [Myth](/g/myth).
- Issue 78 writes on the new game Scene, RIP rules proposed by Myth.

<hr>

The individual issue entries only offer the `nwr.txt` text files as downloads. However, the **1-79 (bundle)** release named `NWR-netmonkey.weekly.report.zip` contains all the original releases of zip file packages, often containing other items. Note, most of the images and photos are NSFW.

- Issue 11 from June 1998 was likely unreleased or maybe lost.
