**Prozacs Personal Gaming Report**

_It seems after you put your time in the gaming scene you should look into creating a gaming report as a way to kick back, but still be involved in the gaming scene. Many gaming reports have come and gone, and this report is pretty a much a month by month trial basis: When I get bored or too boggled down to handle the report, I just won't do it. This report is not 100% bias-free, as I am currently with the group [Class](/g/class) and all attempts to abstain a truly unbiased report can not be fully possible. I had thought of
calling this report "Prozac's Slightly Bias Report", but that'd just a rip off TRC's old bias [gaming report](/g/trc-ware-report). This report is sort of a hybrid cross (no pun intended) of [Just the Facts](/g/just-the-facts) & Mason's [Gaming Report](/g/masons-ware-report) in the scoring system and monthly gaming report._

_If you're reading this report and you have no clue who I am, I will give a history of gaming warez life. I've actually been in the scene since '92, and was a big-time courier & utility supplier up until about mid-96 where I decided to plunge into game supplying hardcore (before this I had supplied small games to small groups, but nothing significant) by helping startup a group called [Illusion](/g/illusion). When Illusion died in Oct. 96, I went over to [Prestige](/g/prestige) until they finally disbanded on Dec. 31st 1996. On Jan. 1st, 1997, I joined a newly founded group called Class with ex-members from multiple groups. At this current time I've still sticked with Class, even though some hard times. At this current time I'm an active supplier in Class, and spend a great deal of time trying to help the group._
