**United Traders of Germany**, or UTG, was an early application release group from Germany at a time when many Germans and others in the European BBS Scene were still hostile towards the PC platform and Microsoft.

Founded in early 1992, possibly in March, the group started with three Germans: The Wanderer, Rantanplan, Sunrider, and the boards, [Delirium II](https://demozoo.org/bbs/1654/), [Access Denied](https://demozoo.org/bbs/1601/), both German. However, their World HQ, [The Elusive Dream](https://demozoo.org/bbs/1910/), is operated by The Toyman out in Indiana, United States. Why some Germans would want to operate and coordinate their group on a USA board was probably due to the proximity of the PC Scene at the time, potential exposure, and possibly being taken more seriously.

The Elusive Dream was a major board for the early PC scene, hosting many landmark groups of the early 1990s, and when UTG joined, the board was affiliated with [Nokturnal Trading Alliance](/g/nokturnal-trading-alliance), [The Humble Guys](/g/the-humble-guys), and Skid Row Amiga. And while NTA was also an application and utility release group, possibly the first, it seems all three parties were happy to have a USA and a European-based group sharing the same board. The USA focus is a confusing aspect of early UTG releases, for example, despite being a European group, they'd use USA-style abbreviated dates, MM/DD/YYYY, not dd/mm/yyyy.

The group continued with regular releases for a couple of years until early 1994, when there was a slow transition to the United Cracking Force. The UTG brand briefly returned in July, and then again in August 1995, before being abandoned.
