The now-famous **UCF** brand has an odd founding, starting as a subdivision of the **United Traders of Germany**. However, there was never a formal public statement as to why it was created, and the UCF brand just appeared out of nowhere within some UTG releases.

[The first known](/f/b82b423) use seems to be in mid-March 1994, with UTG programmer and cracker MarQuiS De SoiRée using "MDS/UCF/UTG", in his personal branding. Yet, other than the UTG affiliation, the others seem only for show. As _MDS_ is probably an acronym for Marquis's name, and the _UCF_ is likely short for _The∙UnlImiTed∙CraCkiNg∙ForCe!_

A week later, fellow UTG programmer and cracker SoNiC, would [release](/f/b82d8db) the byte-crack TinyProg v3.9 under a co-brand, _United Traders of Germany present a_ **_United Cracking Force_** _production_, and we see a co-acronym _UCF/UTG_. Interestingly, Marquis had previously [released](/f/b421863) an in-memory registration patch for the same title five days earlier.

The first solo release for UTC likely occurred on 4th April with the [release](/f/ac2be83) of PKPress 5.1 registration by Sonic, who brands the DIZ file metadata with _SNC/UCF_, short for SoNiC/United Cracking Force. And where the first `UCF.NFO` contains little information other than _Members: THe UTG-CRaCKiNG-eLiTe_.

While for a few [releases](/f/b21ef7b), some `UCF.NFO` texts display, "Founder: MarQuiS De SoiRée & SoNiC (R) -AV", plus, "Welcome to our new members MaRooN and STY:LE!" Yet, this all gets purged not long afterwards. However, it seems the relationship between UTG and UCF evolves into one where UTG handles the release of boxed software, sold at retail. While UCF handles the cracking of shareware, a term used to describe software sold by unconventional means, either through mail order, online on bulletin boards, or later over the Internet.
