**Phrozen Crew**, or PC, started life as a small, local cracking group from South Africa. So local in fact that their BBS listings didn't even bother mentioning the South African international area code, probably assuming few PC users in Europe or North America would be calling their boards.

The first releases from 16th of April 1995 has The Keyboard Caper as the group president, with fellow crackers and programmers FiberOptic and SpiritWalker as members. The release also listed four boards, from Johannesburg, Pretoria, and Lejweleputswa. Interesting, they would self-describe themselves as the finest hacking group, a nod to the past brand.

In the [document](/f/b5244af) _Complete List On Date_ from June 1996, The Keyboard Caper itemises his collection of releases, starting with dozens of game trainers and general cracks in June of 1994 under his personal TKC brand.

According to his brief Scene [autobiography](/f/a222329) released in March 1997, TKC claims, _in 1993 Aphex Twin asked me to join Phrozen Crew, it was a hacking group, with 30+ members, but a highly underground group. I joined as an ANSi artist and the demo coder (I was known as The Resetter)_. And, _suddenly without a good reason in 1994 the Phrozen Crew group died and I continued cracking as The Keyboard Caper. I wanted to make a big name for myself. But after some months I've thought that I could do better if I started a group and so I asked Aphex Twin if I could reform the Phrozen Crew as a cracking group, instead of hacking. He said it's fine and I could do whatever I thought was best. So I restarted Phrozen Crew and got Lucido an ANSi artist, the demo coder PsyLocke, and the musician Mutha, to reform the group in 1994 and 1995. We made many cracks, demos, ansi art, vga pictures which people loved_.
