**PIRATE** was a text magazine from Chicago that covered both the Apple II and IBM PC scenes. The first issue is dated June, 1989 - the last issue we hold is #5 from April 1990. Interestingly they had a public [Bitnet](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BITNET) email address, `TK0EEE1@NIU.BITNET`.

***[Issue #1](/f/b124152)*** had the following articles: What's a Pirate?, Pirate Do's and Don'ts, Pirate tips, Why Software ownership is bad for society, Copyright Law, Computer laws in Wisconsin, Editorial: Big Brother in the Computer Room?, Sysop's corner, What's hot, what's not, Board Review of the Month: THE GREAT ESCAPE, A few decent boards. The magazine's home board in the first issue was Maxx Cougar's [Great Escape](https://demozoo.org/bbs/7562/) BBS in Chicago.

***[Issue #2](/f/b42de32)*** from August followed with: Whither the World of Pirates?, How to get things running, Sysops and the Law, Hackers in the News, Illinois and Texas Computer Laws, Is Teleconnect Dangerous?, Viruses, BBS NEWS: Review ([ATLANTIS](https://demozoo.org/bbs/6739/)) and [APPLE](/f/a05a1#:~:text=Here\'s some apple boards passed on to us.) #s. And the magazine's home board was Megz Diamond's Bootleggers BBS also from Chicago.

***[Issue #3](/f/a151d)*** was a bit different, instead of the usual articles, it is a collection of unprotects and cracking tips by authors unaffiliated to PIRATE. There was still a BBS review, this time for [Dead Zone](https://demozoo.org/bbs/11612/), and the magazine's home board returns to the [Great Escape](https://demozoo.org/bbs/7562/) BBS in Chicago.

***[Issue #4](/f/a24f9)*** starts with a typo in the title, claiming it is from "February, 1989", however the magazine's index lists "\*PIRATE\* Index to Issue 4  (March, 1990)". Articles include, Editorial: Defense of pirating, PHRACK BUST, Zipfile Tips, Cult of Wolves Unprotects, PTL Cracking Primer, What Makes a Good Board, BBS Symbols and Faces  Gene and Roger at the BBS: [Euro-American Connection](https://demozoo.org/bbs/8913/), "Some of our favorite numbers" which is a [huge list of elite boards](/f/a24f9#:~:text=***  Numbers to Call                            ***).

***[Issue #5](/f/a3455)*** from April 1990 is not about piracy but covers the public arrests in Chicago of the hacking and phreaking group Legion of Doom. The issue has the following articles: Editorial: Commentary (by Ellis Dea), Prosecutor Press Release of LoD indictment, Federal Indictment of LoD bust, What pheds did to The Mentor, Pheds Hassle Employers, Jolnet Story, E-Mail Counter suit, Hackers Strike Back, Phreaks and Hackers as Post-Modernists.