**PSI** formed in December 1989 as a game cracking group. But in early 1990, after the cracking and  release competition became too competitive, they [transitioned](/f/ad1f4f6) to creating game utilities, releasing cheats, documentation, fixes and tools.

The first release mentions they were made up of former, jaded members of [INC]() and [TRIAD](). With [Master Ryu](/p/master-ryu) writing, "We are PSI. Make what you want of our intials, (**Pirate SolutIons**, Personal SavIors, **Pirates Sick of Initials**, etc) but we are a band of tired, pissed off pirates brought together because we are sick and tired of working under giant groups such as INC and Triad."

The first members were, Master Ryu, Gremlin, Cyborg, Warlord, The Joker, Mr. Slippery, Malignant Growth. 

[Rescue Raider](/p/rescue-raider) (RR) would join in February 1990, and start releasing [his own trainers](t/f/ac1cfe6) and his famed "[Cheat Batch Editor](/f/a81f630)" application. With [Bad Brains](/p/bad-brains) later [writing](/f/ad1f4f6), "Rescue Raider [author of Cheat Editor] has joined us, and his contributions will be very valuable indeed. PSI hopes to establish itself as the "authorities" in videogame cheating". 

However, in the July 18 release of ["Cheat Pak #04"](/f/a91fffa) Rescue Raider would state he is "not affiliated with any group at the moment" and greet, all "ex-PSI members". Cracker Bad Brains confirms this "First, political notes: PSI has disbanded". He [briefly joined](/f/b02f1ce) The Humble Guys before politics forced him out and later end up in [Public Enemy](/g/public-enemy). Malignant Growth and Rescue Raider would attempt an [unnamed group](/f/ae2a02e), but that didn't go anywhere?