**Aces of ANSI Art** or **A.A.A.** was one of the foremost art groups that created colored ANSI text art pieces for elite computerized bulletin board systems. 
[According](/f/ac1fe4a) to former member RaD Man, the group was formalized in late 1989 by Zyphril and Chips Ahoy out in San Jose, California. 
With the intention to help out fellow sysops, get brand recognition, and to simply put out some cool art.

After less than a year, the group is described as disorganized and demotivated. 
And in an act that would become all too common in the text art community, key members broke away to reform themselves as the celebrated ANSi Creators in Demand. 
Better known as ACiD, the group would become one of the most influential digital collectives to emerge from the BBS era of North America.

In a 1994 interview with [Corruption](/f/9d57c), RaD Man mentioned, "The \<AAA\> WHQ [^1] at the time ([Nuclear Wastelands](/f/b12ccae), 408)[^2] was one of the first boards to lock out area codes, unfortunately,
by doing this, they were locking out a majority of their AAA members." "Between the three of us, it was an unanimous decision that a more efficient and respectable group could be ran"

Unfortunately, it is hard to accurately date the releases of AAA, as the artwork's file last modification dates are often incorrect, being off by months or years. 

[^1]: A WHQ (World Head Quarters) was a computerized bulletin board that was tasked as the primary online meeting place and communication point for the group's members.
[^2]: 408 was the telephone area code for Silicon Valley, California that included San Jose.
