**The Dream Team** was based in Sweden and was a name frequently associated with its founder, [Hard Core](/f/a2364e). A programmer who had somewhat of an early reputation for creating second-rate intros on the PC on behalf of the group. Though, we do credit him with creating the first contemporary PC cracktro with this great [musical skull intro](/f/b01ca10) from November 1991. ED: As a side note, his intros are the most annoying pieces of shit to preserve, as they have numerous file dependencies that were intentionally hidden in the releases. If an intro on this page doesn't work right, it is probably missing a hidden file or two.

In the [first issue](/f/9e5ca) of Illuminatus, Hard Core wrote that he started under the name TIM and founded a group KAOS[^1] in 1988 with three or four other programmers. Together they released five intros running on EGA/VGA graphic modes for the PC. However, KAOS died in 1989 and the members decided to reform as a new and improved group, The Dream Team! Which included Mr Destroyer, The Beastmaster, Bruce Li and TIM who renamed to Hard Core in 1990.

The Dream Team enjoyed success and remained active for much of the early 1990s. Despite the occasional [hiccup](/f/b5261b0) they were a solid brand until quietly retiring at the end of 1993. With only the occasional [guest release](/f/a93193), the TDT name disappeared from the scene for over a year before [returning](/f/b72e5db) in 1995 and tried rebuilding itself from the ground up with only four members. But this second attempt wasn't as successful and the group for the most part stopped releasing after a few months, and completely vanished in November.

[^1]: It has been mentioned elsewhere that KAOS is the acronym, Krackers Association Of Sweden.