                               Exemenu
                             version 2.2
                          1991 J.C. Kessels



EXEMENU will display a menu with all the programs in a directory. You
select one with the cursor or character keys, and press Enter.....the
program is started. When you quit the program, you automatically return
to the EXEMENU.

EXEMENU is designed to be used by the non-tech user. Power users have
Norton-Commander, PC-tools, and many more. But I have frequently found
those packages to be too complicated for the majority of the PC users!
Therefore EXEMENU has:

   - No documentation (well, almost). Run and use!
   - No settings.
   - No function keys.
   - No mouse.
   - No pull-down or pop-up menu's.
   - Easy screen layout.
   - Zero installation: it will run anywhere.

EXEMENU recognises EXE, COM, BAT and BAS programs. You only see programs
that can be started (lowercase), and subdirectories (uppercase). Nothing
else. BAS programs (Basic) will only be visible and can only be started
if the basic interpreter is found in the path when EXEMENU is started:
GWBASIC.EXE, GWBASIC.COM, BASIC.EXE, BASIC.COM, BASICA.EXE, or
BASICA.COM.

You can optionally specify a path with EXEMENU:

        EXEMENU [path]

This will cause EXEMENU to startup with that path. If you don't specify
a path, then EXEMENU will startup with the current directory.

If you switch floppies (new floppy in the drive) while EXEMENU is
active, then press "ENTER" anywhere and the new floppy will be loaded.





Remarks:

Don't worry if you don't see COMMAND.COM, AUTOEXEC.BAT or EXEMENU.EXE,
they will never be shown.

EXEMENU has been tested on simple XT computers up to 386 systems, with
DOS versions 3.2, 3.3, and 4.0, with Hercules, CGA, EGA and VGA.

EXEMENU should work well with just about any video hardware. There is
one exception: if the screen is set to a different width than 80
characters, then you MAY get a warped screen. Some video modes will
cause EXEMENU to reset the screen to 80x25 characters. You may see some
"snow" on the screen, especially with older video hardware.





This is freeware. No guarantees whatsoever. You may change it, use it,
copy it, anything you like.

Please do NOT send any money to the below mentioned address. I don't
want tax problems. You can use this program absolutely free. I have
written this program in Borland's Turbo-Pascal v5.5, but it should also
compile with v4.0 and v5.0. The source is included for the hackers, and
for virus protection.


J.C. Kessels
Philips de Goedelaan 7
5615 PN  Eindhoven
Netherlands
